Online Data Analyst	TELUS International	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	We are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, e.g., verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpanishYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Why Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiativeRemote work & Location IndependenceBe your own bossFlexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyleBe a part of an online community TELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comIf you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us at sourcingteam89@telusinternational.ai
Online Data Analyst - Spain	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Description and RequirementsTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com We are hiring freelance English and Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.  This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task. Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English and SpanishYou must be living in Spain the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website information You must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance) Applicants must be 18 years or over.
Business Intelligence Consultant (IICS + Snowflake)	Capgemini Engineering	España (En remoto)	Hybrid Intelligence, a Capgemini Engineering team, is looking for a Business Intelligence Consultant (IICS + Snowflake) to join the team in Spain. You will provide analytics expertise to a highly talented team, while participating in the rapid growth and expansion of our client base.RequirementsTo succeed in this role, you should have: More than two years of experience in DS projects with ETL, using Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (IICS) It will valued real experience in Cloud Environment (Especially with SNOWFLAKE Cloud) About UsAs a member of the Hybrid Intelligence team of Capgemini Engineering, you will work on a variety of innovative and rewarding projects that make a difference. Our work is a fusion of applied mathematics, scientific computing, AI, and software engineering. We deliver ground-breaking, multi-disciplinary solutions for our R&D-driven clients tackling humanity’s generational challenges, from discovering new drug treatments to harnessing green energy.We are dedicated to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We appreciate individuals for who they are and value the diversity they bring to the workplace.Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. It is a multicultural company of over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries.What we offer? Permanent working contractRemote working.Flexible schedule + intensive workday on Fridays and in summer (Two months)Social benefits package (private medical insurance, life and accident insurance paid by the company, Gympass, Life -employment and family assistance company-, etc).Flexible remuneration (transport ticket, restaurant ticket, nursery, training, extend health insurance to your family...)Ongoing technical, skills and language training (free English classes for all employees)Annual performance evaluations. Professional development plan, based on your experience and future potential, adapted to you, with both horizontal and vertical growth. Our commitment to inclusion and equal opportunities means that we have an Equality Plan and a Code of Ethics that guarantee the professional development of the workforce and equal opportunities in their selection within an environment free of discrimination based on ethnicity, nationality, social origin, age, sexual orientation, gender expression, religion or any other personal, physical or social circumstance.
Senior Data Analyst (Power BI) & AWS Services (S3/Redshift)	Bluetab, an IBM Company	España (En remoto)	Bluetab, an IBM Company. certificados ¡Great Place to Work & Best Work to Place! como una de las mejores compañías para trabajar.Una compañía muy techie que nos ha llevado a ser el brazo fuerte de IBM en Data, Cloud, ML & IA y donde, para empresas clave de diversos sectores, ayudamos a acelerar y optimizar estrategias en plataformas de datos y en la nube, sacando al máximo las ventajas de su arquitectura y entornos de desarrollo.Como Senior Data Analyst en Power BI buscamos que te manejes con soltura en:  Manejo de herramientas de reporting: Power BI (Configuración de Cuadros de Mando).Conocimiento de DAX y M.SQL.Modelado y optimización de Datos.Desarrollo de ETL's tanto en crudo como con herramientas de Mercado.Conocimientos de entorno AWS (especialmente en Redshift)  Nivel alto de inglés por proyecto internacional. Ahora viene lo bueno por ser bluetaber… ¿Qué ofrecemos? Contrato indefinido y un salario acorde al rol y de mercado competitivo (30K-45K, dependiendo de la experiencia y conocimiento).  La pregunta estrella. ¿Teletrabajo? Sí, Teletrabajo flexible. A tu entera disposición tendrás también las Oficinas ubicadas en el centro de Madrid con muy buena conexión.  Horarios flexibles de entrada/salida, adaptado a tus necesidades personales y jornada intensiva los viernes y los meses de verano, julio y agosto.23 días de vacaciones + 2 Bluetab days (nochebuena y nochevieja).  Tarjeta restaurant como beneficio social más allá del salario.Seguro médico & póliza dental con una amplia cobertura también como beneficio social más allá del salario.Disponibilidad además de plan de retribución flexible: Transporte + Guardería.  Formación continua gamificada a través del plan rewards, con más de 1000 cursos y certificaciones oficiales.Además, tendrás a tu alcance el programa Career Coach para acompañarte en todo lo relativo a tu desarrollo y crecimiento dentro de Bluetab, con un sistema objetivo de evaluación continua.¡Tú serás el dueño de tu crecimiento!Regalo de cumpleaños. Tarjeta Amazon por importe de 50€ para que sea un día especial. Consideramos que la diversidad es enriquecedora y queremos velar por la inclusión e igualdad de oportunidades, por lo que contamos con un Plan de Igualdad y un Código Ético que recoge estos principios para garantizar la no discriminación de nuestras colaboradoras y colaboradores por cuestión de raza, color, nacionalidad, origen social, edad, sexo, estado civil, orientación sexual, ideología, opiniones políticas, religión o cualquier otra condición personal, física o social.Si te apasiona la tecnología y quieres disfrutar en un entorno innovador y 100% tecnológico, Bluetab, an IBM Company es tu sitio.¡Te esperamos!#wearehiring #bluetabanibmcompany #bluetabers
Junior Data Analyst (Remote Internship - Data Analysis)	TalentKompass Deutschland	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	LOCATION: Remote WorkSCHEDULE: Part-timeAre you an aspiring data analyst seeking an unparalleled opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working with a prestigious Management Consulting firm? TalentKompass Deutschland, a leading Human Resources company based in Germany, is searching for a highly motivated Data Analysis Intern to join our esteemed client. This remote position offers a unique chance for someone passionate about data analysis and eager to learn in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.As a Data Analysis Intern, you will work closely with the analytics and consulting teams, where you will be responsible for a range of tasks, including data collection, data cleaning, and statistical analysis. You will have the extraordinary opportunity to learn from experienced professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance throughout the internship. With this internship, you will gain valuable experience in data analysis, data visualization, and teamwork - all essential skills for a successful career in this field.Responsibilities: Collect, clean, and analyze data from various sources to support consulting projectsAssist in the development of data models and statistical analysis to identify trends and insightsCollaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze dataCreate data visualizations and dashboards using tools such as Tableau or Power BIPresent findings and insights to the consulting team and contribute to project reportsParticipate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas for data-driven solutionsSupport the team with general administrative tasks as needed Requirements: Strong analytical and problem-solving skillsProficient in Microsoft Excel or other data analysis toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills in EnglishFamiliarity with data analysis principles and practicesAbility to work independently and as part of a teamStrong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyKnowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques is a plusExperience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI is a plus At TalentKompass Deutschland, we are committed to helping our interns develop their skills and reach their full potential. Our client is a reputable Management Consulting firm that will provide invaluable experience in a competitive industry. Don't miss this fantastic opportunity to grow your career in data analysis - apply now!
WORK FROM HOME - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comJob descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationApplicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Power BI Consultant	Winid Spain	España (En remoto)	Winid es una empresa que cambia las reglas del juego y sitúa la búsqueda de talento en el centro de su modelo de negocio.Creemos firmemente que las personas con talento son el elemento crucial para el éxito de las organizaciones. Lo entendemos como Talento Aumentado, poniendo la tecnología y la IA al servicio de las personas.Nuestro objetivo es alcanzar la excelencia en la captación, formación y equipamiento de los mejores consultores de adquisición de talento a nivel global.En Winid estamos trabajando para llevar el mejor talento a un Gold Partner de Microsoft, referente en España y que cuenta con oficinas en Barcelona, Madrid, Sevilla, Valencia y Bilbao. Su misión es crear e implementar diferentes soluciones para los principales sectores: industrial, distribución, servicios, construcción, alimentación, fabricación y retail entre otros.Cuentan con varias líneas de negocio, implantación de ERP y CRM, desarrollo de proyectos de Power BI, Sistemas, Cloud y seguridad.Descripción del puesto: Formarás parte de un equipo especializado en proyectos de Business Intelligence con herramientas Microsoft.Tendrás oportunidad de desarrollar tus conocimientos en Power BI y su lenguaje DAX, además de SQL y Power Query.Implantarás Power BI a diferentes clientes de la compañía. Requisitos: Experiencia con Power BI y conocimientos en DAX, SQL y Power Query.Disponibilidad para realizar viajes ocasionales a cliente dentro del territorio nacional.Graduado en informática o semejantes, y formación empresarial o contableNivel de inglés medio-alto.Se valorarán los conocimientos de SQL Server Analysis Services, Multidimensional y Tabular. También los conocimientos en MDX, C# y .Net.Experiencia en diseño de informes con SQL Server Reporting Services.Experiencia en Excel, Power Pivot.Se valorarán conocimientos de otras herramientas de BI.Se valorarán certificaciones actualizadas de Microsoft.Conocimientos en Dynamics 365 Business Central (NAV), F&O (AX), CRM.Conocimientos de SAP, Salesforce u otros ERP y CRM Que ofrecemos: Modelo de trabajo hibrido flexible.Plan de carrera personalizado y revisión salarial periódica.Formaciones y certificaciones oficiales por parte de la compañíaClases de inglés gratuitasSeguro médicoOportunidades de crecimiento vertical y horizontal dentro de la compañía
Senior Game Data Analyst - Tarboosh Games	Voodoo	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps. With 7 billion downloads and over 150 million monthly active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta.The company is one of the most impressive examples of hypergrowth in the ecosystem, having raised over $1B and backed by Goldman Sachs, Tencent, and GBL.Voodoo is now a team of over 750 employees worldwide, we’re looking for talented individuals from across the globe to come and entertain the world with us.TeamOur Gaming team is made up of hybrid-casual, casual and mid-core experts. Our 'Core' games team supports internal and external studios worldwide in creating, developing and launching new hit games, whilst our 'Live' games team focuses on delivering higher engagement on our existing and successful games.Joining our Live games team means collaborating with gaming industry experts on globally renowned, enduring games, while embracing exciting new entrepreneurial ventures. With over seven billion downloads worldwide and a portfolio of more than 10 resilient hybrid games generating more than $20m per year, we are the largest and most successful hybrid publisher in the world.You will join Tarboosh, a middle east-based studio, acquired by Voodoo in 2022 . With titles like Collect Em All , generating 45M$ revenue in 2023, Tarboosh strives to create chart-topping hybrid-casual games.Being part of the Tarboosh team means working with established experts from the casual gaming industry on fun, durable games, with communities of players across the globe, and taking on cutting-edge entrepreneurial projects in mobile gaming.RoleWe are looking for a Senior or Lead Data Analyst with a proven track record contributing to the improvement of casual games, in particular puzzle games. You will be leading all analytics efforts to bring our flagship game Collect Em All to the next level of success.Profile At least 4 years of analytical work experience in the gaming, tech or data-driven industry, with a proven track record working in close connection with product teams. At least 2 years of experience working on a puzzle game (product side).Proficient with SQL and either R or Python, with proven experience working with large and complex data sets. Good knowledge of statistical analysis and concepts used for industry-standard methods like AB testing.Autonomous person with a strong analytical mind, problem-solving skills and strong attention to detail.Ability to understand a business problem, turn it into an analytics/statistics problem and solve it using adequate methods.Highly pragmatic mindset with the ability to quickly identify what needs to be focused on and what can be considered of lower priority.Capacity to be the pro-active owner of the entire data chain for your game(s) Benefits: The position is fully remote, with a preference for candidates in European time zones. We offer a competitive salary based on the candidate’s experience, along with other benefits according to the country of residence.Voodoo just won the award for Best Office Space in France
Spanish Speaker - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comJob descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationApplicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Digital Data Analyst	Garaje de ideas	España (En remoto)	Lo que buscamos es…Un/a Digital Data Analyst con, al menos, 5 años de experiencia en Google Analytics, que conozca GA4, para unirse al equipo de Data en proyecto con uno de nuestros clientes internacionales, liderando la estrategia de analítica de su web comercial.Y en concreto, esto es lo que harás: Dirigir la estrategia de análisis digital proporcionando información, informes y dashboards a las distintas partes interesadas, que faciliten la toma de decisiones y ayuden a comprender el rendimiento de las distintas actividades comerciales en el ecosistema digital.Generación de insights y recomendaciones para el rendimiento de las campañas con importante foco en la actividad de conversión, trabajando con expertos en CRO y PersonalizaciónDefinir la estrategia para la correcta implementación de las herramientas de análisis digital como Google Analytics, Microsoft Clarity, BigQuery, etc.Asegurar una mejora continua de la herramienta para exprimir todas las capacidades.Evangelización interna de la disciplina desde el uso de herramientas hasta aplicaciones de casos reales. Para eso, necesitamos que tengas experiencia en… Traducir datos complejos en mensajes sencillos, trasladables a personas que no sean tan expertas en analítica como tú.Proyectos internacionales, por lo que necesitaremos que puedas desenvolverte en inglés a nivel escrito y leído. Y si puedes tener una charla fluida, mejor :)Conocimientos sobre Tag Management Systems (Google Tag Manager, Tealium, etc.)Experiencia en modelos de atribución, entendiendo cómo se comporta el usuario según el canal de adquisición web y cómo funcionan las diferentes herramientas de captación de tráfico (Google Ads, Meta, Google Search…).Conocimiento del ecosistema del Marketing Digital - disciplinas y herramientas - ej. Personalización, CRO, DMP, CDPConocimiento en proyectos con BigQuery, desde la optimización de consultas hasta la implementación de soluciones analíticas eficientes, destacándose en la gestión y transformación efectiva de grandes conjuntos de datos para impulsar decisiones estratégicas. En Garaje nos gustan las personas que…Se enorgullecen de su trabajo, dan lo mejor de sí mismas, se divierten siempre, son valientes y se arriesgan, aprenden de los errores y aman lo que hacen.Nuestra actitud se define por la pasión con la que nos involucramos en nuestros proyectos, la empatía y cercanía que mostramos hacia nuestros clientes, y nuestra ambición de ir más allá de lo correcto.En Garaje...Somos | No somos:➔ Somos humildes y cercanos [pero no serviles ni simplistas]➔ Somos apasionados y expertos [pero no abrumadores ni pretenciosos]➔ Somos makers con propósito [pero no meros hacedores o gurús]➔ Somos valientes y consecuentes [pero no insensatos o irresponsables]➔ Somos autoexigentes [pero no bloqueantes]Y las ventajas con las que contarás son: Contrato indefinido: Queremos que te sientas parte de Garaje y que puedas crecer con nosotros a largo plazo.Flexibilidad horaria: Tenemos horario flexible para que puedas adaptar tu jornada laboral a tu vida personal. Puedes ajustar tanto tu hora de entrada como de salida según las dinámicas y necesidades de conciliación, equipo y proyecto. Y en verano podrás disfrutar de jornada intensiva.Trabaja desde donde quieras y ven a cualquiera de nuestras oficinas siempre que quieras.Seguro médico con Adeslas: Accede al seguro de Garaje con beneficios fiscales. Además, puedes incluir a tu pareja e hijos. Sin copagos, carencias ni cuestionarios.Retribución flexible: Ahorra en IRPF dedicando parte de tu salario a ticket restaurante, transporte y guardería.26 días de descanso: Descansa con 23 días de vacaciones y festivos regionales. Además, te concedemos 2 días adicionales libres en Navidad y en tu cumpleaños para celebrar momentos especiales.Incentivos: Trae nuevos clientes o empleados a Garaje y te pagamos por ello. ¡Sé parte del crecimiento!Cultura de la transparencia: Creemos en la comunicación abierta y compartimos periódicamente la situación y objetivos de la compañía en nuestros All Hands, newsletter..G-Book: Nuestro oráculo. En Garaje, tenemos una guía en Notion que resuelve todo tipo de dudas. Allí, puedes encontrar respuestas a preguntas que van desde cómo solicitar días libres y conocer quién es quién, hasta cómo preparar una guía de prueba, plantillas corporativas para entregables o presentaciones de proyectos similares como referencia... ¡No te sentirás perdido!Eventos y dinámicas frecuentes: Compartimos conocimiento y aprendizajes de los proyectos constantemente. Como nos gusta pasar tiempo juntos, también organizamos eventos informales para conocernos mejor y divertirnos como equipo.Bono de 500€: Incentivamos tu desarrollo profesional con un bono de 500€ para que inviertas en formación, aprendizaje de idiomas, libros o eventos del sector.Entorno de alto crecimiento: Evoluciona tu carrera en Garaje y trabaja en equipos multidisciplinarios de Diseño, Data, Growth y Tecnología, creando experiencias, servicios y productos con impacto para grandes clientes como Vodafone, BBVA, Endesa, Banco Santander, Inditex, Telefónica, Adeslas, Repsol, IKEA, Legálitas, RBI y Grupo Dani García. Ser parte del equipo de Garaje significa tener la oportunidad de contribuir a la creación de experiencias, servicios y productos con un impacto significativo.Trabajarás entendiendo la data como una disciplina siempre ligada a todas las fases de diseño y desarrollo de producto, sentando bases sólidas en visualización, personalización y optimización para mejorar la experiencia de usuario y facilitar la toma de decisiones. ¿Qué pasará ahora?Si te suena bien, haz click en “solicitar”, ¡estamos esperando tu candidatura con ganas!Si tu perfil encaja con lo que estamos buscando, nos pondremos en contacto contigo pronto para coordinar una primera llamada telefónica de acercamiento. Si avanzas, conocerás a alguien del equipo.
Junior Data Analyst (Remote Internship - Data Analysis)	TalentKompass Deutschland	La Palma de Cervelló, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	LOCATION: Remote WorkSCHEDULE: Part-timeAre you an aspiring data analyst seeking an unparalleled opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working with a prestigious Management Consulting firm? TalentKompass Deutschland, a leading Human Resources company based in Germany, is searching for a highly motivated Data Analysis Intern to join our esteemed client. This remote position offers a unique chance for someone passionate about data analysis and eager to learn in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.As a Data Analysis Intern, you will work closely with the analytics and consulting teams, where you will be responsible for a range of tasks, including data collection, data cleaning, and statistical analysis. You will have the extraordinary opportunity to learn from experienced professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance throughout the internship. With this internship, you will gain valuable experience in data analysis, data visualization, and teamwork - all essential skills for a successful career in this field.Responsibilities: Collect, clean, and analyze data from various sources to support consulting projectsAssist in the development of data models and statistical analysis to identify trends and insightsCollaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze dataCreate data visualizations and dashboards using tools such as Tableau or Power BIPresent findings and insights to the consulting team and contribute to project reportsParticipate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas for data-driven solutionsSupport the team with general administrative tasks as needed Requirements: Strong analytical and problem-solving skillsProficient in Microsoft Excel or other data analysis toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills in EnglishFamiliarity with data analysis principles and practicesAbility to work independently and as part of a teamStrong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyKnowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques is a plusExperience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI is a plus At TalentKompass Deutschland, we are committed to helping our interns develop their skills and reach their full potential. Our client is a reputable Management Consulting firm that will provide invaluable experience in a competitive industry. Don't miss this fantastic opportunity to grow your career in data analysis - apply now!
Business Intelligence Consultant	Lognext	España (En remoto)	OGNEXT es una consultora IT con más de 15 años de experiencia. Nos caracteriza nuestra cercanía, nuestro espíritu de equipo y el interés continuo por el desarrollo y crecimiento de todos los que componemos el #equipolognext.Contamos con la confianza de los mejores clientes para proporcionar profesionales altamente calificados que vehiculizan la innovación en los mejores proyectos. Formarás parte de proyectos retadores e internacionales, estarás trabajando con equipos multidisciplinares y multiculturales.Estamos buscamos a un Consultor BI Junior para incorporar en uno de nuestros mas importantes clientes.¿Cuáles serán tus principales funciones?: Gestión de peticiones de servicio en Remedy y Jira. Implica asignación a su dueño.Ejecución de los workorders asignados a el/ella.Gestión de incidencias con triaje previo o desvío al responsable del dominio.Resolución de incidencias no complejas.Documentación de resolución de incidencias.Seguimiento de incidencias y workorders en el chapter.Coordinación con la responsable del Servicio. ¿Qué estamos buscando?: Conocimientos de SQLSe valora experiencia en alguna de estas tecnologías (SAP IQ, SAP DS, PowerBI, Snowflake)Autonomía en el desempeño de su trabajo (tanto en el plano técnico como en el de toma de requisitos a negocio)Facilidad para innovar y adaptarse a nuevas tecnologías. Excelentes habilidades de comunicación y trabajo en equipo. Buen nivel de inglésFluidez en inglés. ¿Qué ofrecemos?: Contrato indefinido vía LognextPlan de retribución flexibleFormación profesional: Apostamos por la formación continua de nuestros empleados.Modalidad Full Remote Si quieres trabajar de la mano de los mejores profesionales, ¡ÉSTA ES TU EMPRESA!En Lognext creemos que en la multiculturalidad existe una fuente de valores, experiencias y conocimiento, que aportan valor añadido a nuestros proyectos es por ello por lo que creemos en la diversidad y estamos comprometidos con ella. Trabajamos día a día para crear entornos en los que se trate con respeto y dignidad sin importar de donde vengas, no discriminamos por motivos de raza, religión o creencias, etnia, discapacidad, edad, nacionalidad, estado civil, orientación sexual o género
WORK FROM HOME - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com Job descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in Spain .Being open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Data Analyst (SAS & SQL) - German Speaker / Spain Remote	IQVIA	España (En remoto)	Join us on our exciting journey!We are recruiting a new team member to join us at our Madrid Center of Excellence office! We are looking for a Data Analyst with knowledge of statistical programming (SAS preferred) and fluent in German language.You will work in the Real-World Solutions (RWS) department within the regional business unit. The team comprises over 80+ data analysts/consultants with various capabilities in real-world evidence, epidemiology, market access and health economics.As part of a project team, you will run analyses and oversee the deliverables of projects for our top clients in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. You will work closely with the project manager: Performing strategic analyses (recurrent and ad hoc) to derive trends, conclusions, and actionable recommendations for clients on qualitative and quantitative data, including longitudinal patient and prescription datasetsEvaluating secondary data on markets, physicians, pharmacists, patients, and competitive productsWorking in close collaboration with our top pharma client’s business intelligence unitsCreating reports, presentations, and other client deliverables If you want to play a key role in a multicultural, dynamic and committed team this could be the role for you!Our ideal candidate: Skills & other requirements Completed degree in life sciences, public health, health economics, (bio)informatics, mathematics, statistics, epidemiology, or a comparable field of study.Relevant experience in data analysis, biostatistics, or epidemiology & excellent knowledge of at least one statistical programming language.Programming in SAS or knowledge in the analysis of healthcare data is a plus.Strong analytical skills and quality, customer- and solution- oriented way of working.Confident in German and English client conversations; strong communicative skills, orally and in writing.Team player, able to integrate in an international and multidisciplinary team.Confident use with Office tools, in particular Excel and PowerPoint.Ability to work independently and organize analytical tasks as part of a project team. Knowledge or experiences in the following areas are appreciated: Programming in SASSQL programmingDatabase studiesExperience in data mining and the application of SQL, or other common databases and software toolsExperience in the pharmaceutical or life sciences industryBig data We invite you to join IQVIA™IQVIA™ is a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions and clinical research services to the life sciences industry. We believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. Learn more at https://jobs.iqvia.comIQVIA™ is an equal opportunity employer. We make employment decisions based on qualifications and merit. We prohibit discrimination based on any unlawful consideration such as age, race, national origin, gender or other "protected status“.#ESPH-3463
Senior Data Analyst - Spain Remote	Vista	España (En remoto)	Our TeamVista’s Engineering organization is working to make our company one of the world’s most well-known and successful data-driven companies. The cross-functional team includes analysts, product owners, technologists, data engineers, and more – all passionate about providing Vista with information and tools we can use to deliver jaw-dropping customer value. Engineering team members are empowered to learn new skills, communicate openly, and be active problem-solvers. Find out more at https://vista.io/The Promo Optimization team is dedicated to streamlining data accessibility and minimizing effort for our Promo Strategy and Marketing partners. We focus on developing cutting-edge machine learning solutions that enhance data-driven decision-making, enabling stakeholders to deliver targeted and impactful promotions, delighting our customers with tempting offers. Our team is dedicated to creating essential tools that empower our marketing teams to precisely gauge campaign performance and the true incremental impact of that campaign.As a Senior Analyst in this role, you'll be a crucial part of improving our ability to understand how well our promotional campaigns are doing. You'll create easy-to-understand visuals to help us see the results more clearly. With this data and these visuals, you'll develop the idea of improving and automating our campaign processes. Your work will involve experimenting, checking how they perform, and digging deep into our campaign data to find new ideas to test and valuable insights to use.What You Will Do  Translate the sophisticated into the simple and concrete. Through data exploration, visualization, and storytelling, you will identify trends and drivers from our extensive data sets and identify new priority focal areas that lead to better customer experiences and business outcomes; Take the lead on running end-to-end experimentation. We see our experimentation practice as cyclical – we take insights or outcomes from past experiments or data points, build hypotheses, design new tests to build upon this knowledge, and then evaluate to generate further hypotheses and insights; In our dynamic data product team, you'll collaborate closely with Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Promotion Strategists/Specialists, and other D Data Analysts. Together, we're dedicated to crafting groundbreaking tools that improve the measurement and efficiency of promotional campaigns. You will, however, also be part of our analytics community, where you can draw upon analytics standard methodologies and collaborate with other like-minded analysts; RoleJoin our team and contribute to impactful projects. Here are a few examples of the initiatives we're working on, and you'll play a crucial role in supporting them:  Identify reusable campaigns based on the true incremental impact of previous campaigns; Build user-friendly, diligent analytics tools to streamline promotion campaign planning and suggest the best discounts for maximum efficiency; Create experiments to test a personalized promotion campaign and determine the impact of these campaigns. Your Qualifications  2+ years in an analytics environment to drive important business /customer impact; Proficient in SQL queries data visualization experience (ideally in Looker, Tableau, Power BI, or similar); Skilled in exploratory analysis and statistical techniques, driven to find meaningful patterns and trends in the data; Strong problem-solving skills (ability to translate a business ask into a very concrete question and break it into important analyses); Compelling communication (articulate your message clearly based on your audience). At Vista, we are striving to hire individuals that add new ideas and perspectives to our teams and enhance our culture.No matter your background or work experience, we strongly encourage you to apply — even if you feel that you don’t meet the exact requirements or have the same qualifications.You might be a great candidate for this or other opportunities.Nice To Have  Knowledge of Python; Experience with Optimizely, Statsig, or similar experimentation tools; Experience in designing/monitoring and analyzing experiments (A/B, multi-variant, Bayesian, multi-arm-bandit) using statistical rigor and able to guide collaborators on accurately interpreting the test results. Why You'll Love Working HereThere is a lot to love about working at Vista. We are an award winning Remote-First company. We’re an inclusive community. We’re growing (which means you can too).And to help orient us all in the same direction, we have our Vista Behaviors which exemplify the behavioral attributes that make us a culturally strong and high performing team.About UsVista is the design and marketing partner to millions of small businesses around the world. For over 20 years we’ve been inspired by small businesses, and we work incessantly to deliver solutions to their evolving needs. VistaCreate, 99designs by Vista and VistaPrint, all under the parent brand Vista, represents a full-service design, digital and print solution, elevating small businesses’ presence in physical and digital spaces and powering them to achieve success. Vista is focused on making great marketing and design accessible to every small business owner, allowing them to create a cohesive brand image for use in-store, online and on-the-go.Commitment To Diversity, Equity, & InclusionVista exists to help our customers live their dreams. Each dream is unique – and the Vista team needs to be as well. We believe in the unique contributions of everyone within a diverse global organization. We are collaborative, inclusive, and innovative. We strive to role model and live an inclusive culture of fairness, respect and belonging for all. And we work together to empower each other, creating a space in which each of us can spark our next great idea.Equal Opportunity EmployerVista, a Cimpress company, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national or ethnic origin, nationality, age, religion, citizenship, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender presentation, legal or preferred name, marital status, pregnancy, family structure, veteran status or any other basis protected by human rights laws or regulations. This list is not exhaustive and, in fact, in many cases, we strive to do more than the law requires.
Key Expert II: Data analyst in transport sector, Spain	NTU International A/S	España (En remoto)	NTU International as the consortium leader is invited to participate in the tender procedure for the JASPERS - Strategic Transport Planning on the Spanish TEN-T nodes.This project will start in January 2024 and the period of implementation of the Assignment will be 15 months from this date.Qualifications and skills☝️ General professional experience: At least a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering, Data Science, Telecommunications, Transport Engineering, Economics or equivalent. ☝️ Professional experience: At least 10 years of professional experience in data analysisDesirable: 5 years of professional experience in data analysis in the transport sectorExperience in developing data analysis in the transport sector based on big data (at least 3) ☝️ Other skills: Proficiency level of both English and Spanish is a minimum requirement. If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply and upload your CV via LinkedIn. Due to the large number of applicants, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.⏰ !!!!! Deadline: 02 December 2023To express interest, please apply and enclose your CV.Please note that only selected candidates will be contacted due to the large amount of applicants.
(Part Time Job)Online Data Analyst - Spain	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Description and RequirementsTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com We are hiring freelance English and Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.  This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task. Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English and SpanishYou must be living in Spain the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website information You must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance) Applicants must be 18 years or over.  Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks. Why Join the TELUS International AI Community?  Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiative Remote work & Location IndependenceBe your own boss Flexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyle Be a part of an online community Additional Job Description We are hiring freelance English & Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst’s for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography. EEO Statement At TELUS International, we enable customer experience innovation through spirited teamwork, agile thinking, and a caring culture that puts customers first. TELUS International is the global arm of TELUS Corporation, one of the largest telecommunications service providers in Canada. We deliver contact center and business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions to some of the world's largest corporations in the consumer electronics, finance, telecommunications and utilities sectors. With global call center delivery capabilities, our multi-shore, multi-language programs offer safe, secure infrastructure, value-based pricing, skills-based resources and exceptional customer service - all backed by TELUS, our multi-billion dollar telecommunications parent.
Lead Data Analyst	Garaje de ideas	España (En remoto)	Lo que buscamos es…Una persona con expertise en Analítica Digital con Adobe que entienda todo el ciclo de vida del dato. Será la persona responsable de liderar el Hub de analítica de Adobe, la estrategia de los proyectos y la interlocución con clientes, trabajando mano a mano con el responsable de Data.Nos gustaría que esta persona nos ayudara a expandir el conocimiento de la disciplina de forma transversal entre diferentes equipos, a evolucionarlo y que nos posicione como referencia por su capacidad de innovación y su delivery.Y en concreto, esto es lo que harás: Liderar el Hub de analítica de Adobe en Garaje para diferentes clientes.Definir la estrategia y estructura del etiquetado, medición, dashboards, analítica y testing así como el equipo de integraciones necesaria.Identificación y creación de KPIs digitales, fichas de tests, análisis y seguimiento de resultados de los cambios aplicados.Interlocutar con cliente de forma frecuente y directa, convirtiéndote en su partner.Liderar proyectos de analítica, liderando, por un lado, la parte técnica, y por otro gestionando al equipo y a la cuenta.Coordinar a los equipos técnicos de los proyectos y propiciar un ambiente de trabajo positivo y exigente que genere buenas experiencias y un alto rendimiento.Trabajar y colaborar con especialistas en analítica, UX, UI, desarrollo, etc.Participar en proyectos nacionales e internacionales.  Para eso, necesitamos que tengas experiencia en… Experiencia en Analítica web con Adobe, transformando los objetivos de negocio en soluciones de optimización.Conocimiento profundo de la suite de Adobe, así como trabajando en la estrategia de recolección de los datos y análisis.Te desenvuelvas con herramientas de behavioral analytics, como Amplitude.Conocimiento de herramientas de BI para explotación y visualización de datos.Hayas trabajado en proyectos con otros países, para lo que deberás desenvolverte en inglés como pez en el agua.Sepas traducir datos complejos en mensajes sencillos, trasladables a personas que no sean tan expertas en analítica como tú.Seas una persona analítica, organizada y autónoma.Te orientes a la detección de problemas y solución de los mismos.Tengas buenas dotes de comunicación, proactividad y actitud positiva. En Garaje nos gustan las personas que…Se enorgullecen de su trabajo, dan lo mejor de sí mismas, se divierten siempre, son valientes y se arriesgan, aprenden de los errores y aman lo que hacen.Nuestra actitud se define por la pasión con la que nos involucramos en nuestros proyectos, la empatía y cercanía que mostramos hacia nuestros clientes, y nuestra ambición de ir más allá de lo correcto.En Garaje...Somos | No somos:➔ Somos humildes y cercanos [pero no serviles ni simplistas]➔ Somos apasionados y expertos [pero no abrumadores ni pretenciosos]➔ Somos makers con propósito [pero no meros hacedores o gurús]➔ Somos valientes y consecuentes [pero no insensatos o irresponsables]➔ Somos autoexigentes [pero no bloqueantes]Y las ventajas con las que contarás son: Contrato indefinido: Queremos que te sientas parte de Garaje y que puedas crecer con nosotros a largo plazo.Flexibilidad horaria: Tenemos horario flexible para que puedas adaptar tu jornada laboral a tu vida personal. Puedes ajustar tanto tu hora de entrada como de salida según las dinámicas y necesidades de conciliación, equipo y proyecto. Y en verano podrás disfrutar de jornada intensiva.Trabaja desde donde quieras y ven a cualquiera de nuestras oficinas siempre que quieras.Seguro médico con Adeslas: Accede al seguro de Garaje con beneficios fiscales. Además, puedes incluir a tu pareja e hijos. Sin copagos, carencias ni cuestionarios.Retribución flexible: Ahorra en IRPF dedicando parte de tu salario a ticket restaurante, transporte y guardería.26 días de descanso: Descansa con 23 días de vacaciones y festivos regionales. Además, te concedemos 2 días adicionales libres en Navidad y en tu cumpleaños para celebrar momentos especiales.Incentivos: Trae nuevos clientes o empleados a Garaje y te pagamos por ello. ¡Sé parte del crecimiento!Cultura de la transparencia: Creemos en la comunicación abierta y compartimos periódicamente la situación y objetivos de la compañía en nuestros All Hands, newsletter..G-Book: Nuestro oráculo. En Garaje, tenemos una guía en Notion que resuelve todo tipo de dudas. Allí, puedes encontrar respuestas a preguntas que van desde cómo solicitar días libres y conocer quién es quién, hasta cómo preparar una guía de prueba, plantillas corporativas para entregables o presentaciones de proyectos similares como referencia... ¡No te sentirás perdido!Eventos y dinámicas frecuentes: Compartimos conocimiento y aprendizajes de los proyectos constantemente. Como nos gusta pasar tiempo juntos, también organizamos eventos informales para conocernos mejor y divertirnos como equipo.Bono de 500€: Incentivamos tu desarrollo profesional con un bono de 500€ para que inviertas en formación, aprendizaje de idiomas, libros o eventos del sector.Entorno de alto crecimiento: Evoluciona tu carrera en Garaje y trabaja en equipos multidisciplinarios de Diseño, Data, Growth y Tecnología, creando experiencias, servicios y productos con impacto para grandes clientes como Vodafone, BBVA, Endesa, Banco Santander, Inditex, Telefónica, Adeslas, Repsol, IKEA, Legálitas, RBI y Grupo Dani García. Ser parte del equipo de Garaje significa tener la oportunidad de contribuir a la creación de experiencias, servicios y productos con un impacto significativo.Trabajarás entendiendo la data como una disciplina siempre ligada a todas las fases de diseño y desarrollo de producto, sentando bases sólidas en visualización, personalización y optimización para mejorar la experiencia de usuario y facilitar la toma de decisiones. ¿Qué pasará ahora?Si te suena bien, haz click en “solicitar”, ¡estamos esperando tu candidatura con ganas!Si tu perfil encaja con lo que estamos buscando, nos pondremos en contacto contigo pronto para coordinar una primera llamada telefónica de acercamiento. Si avanzas, seguramente conocerás a alguien del equipo.
Data Analyst (SQL/JSON)	excelia	España (En remoto)	excelia es una firma multinacional de Consultoría, Tecnología y Servicios profesionales con más de 20 años de experiencia. Prestamos servicio en más de 50 países de Europa, América Latina y Estados Unidos desde nuestras 10 oficinas propias.🕵🏽‍♀️ ¿Qué buscamos?Estamos en la búsqueda de un perfil con 2-3 años de experiencia profesional mínima en ejecución, capaz de sumergirse en los detalles operativos, comprender a fondo los procesos y realizar una precisa parametrización y validación del modelo de datos, aún cuando este proceso no sea muy amigable para el usuario final.Para esta función, es indispensable contar con habilidades sólidas en SQL y JSON. Asimismo, se valora un sólido conocimiento funcional que permita una minuciosa evaluación de las parametrizaciones realizadas.📝 Requisitos: Dominio en SQL, Python / PySpark y experiencia en entornos Cloud, con preferencia en Azure.Experiencia específica en el trabajo con JSON.Interés por los detalles y capacidad para investigar minuciosamente los datos dentro de los modelos de la base de datos. 🛠️ ProyectoSerías un/a integrante del equipo encargado de contribuir al desarrollo de la infraestructura de la herramienta corporativa que centraliza y procesa los datos para el reporting regulatorio.Esta plataforma se encuentra implementada en una arquitectura moderna que incluye tecnologías como Azure, Snowflake, Databricks y PowerBI.¿Qué ofrecemos?📝 Contratación estable, para que puedas seguir creciendo junto a nosotros.💰 Tu banda salarial será acorde a tu experiencia y tu trayectoria profesional. 😱 Además podrás beneficiarte a través de nuestro paquete de retribución flexible.📖 Creemos en tu desarrollo profesional, por ello te ofrecemos formación continua. Queremos ayudarte a mejorar tus habilidades técnicas.🏡 Ofrecemos un modelo de trabajo en remoto para adaptarnos mejor a tus necesidades.⏰ Jornada intensiva todos los viernes del año, Julio y Agosto.¡Haz clic en "inscribirme" y forma parte de Excelia, una compañía internacional donde desarrollar todo tu talento!
Data Analyst (AWS)	knowmad mood	Barcelona y alrededores (En remoto)	¡Somos knowmad mood, anteriormente atSistemas!Acabamos de cruzar el umbral de los 2400 talentos y seguimos apostando por la tecnología y la innovación, y queremos contar contigo.En estos momentos estamos buscando incorporar al equipo un/a Data Analyst con al menos 3 años de experiencia para participar dentro de un proyecto internacional en una importante multinacional farmacéutica.¿𝐐𝐮é 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐢𝐚𝐬 𝐞𝐬𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐦𝐨𝐬 𝐝𝐞 𝐭𝐢? Experiencia en creación de ETL a través de bases de datos relacionales.Conocimiento de bases de datos relacionales (PostgreSQL, SQL, Oracle, otras).Experiencia con Data lake y Data Warehouse.Amplia experiencia en análisis de datos.Experiencia con herramientas de AWS y bases de datos en la nube.Conocimiento sobre Snowflake, Athena y otras herramientas de AWS relacionadas con bases de datos. ¿Cuáles serán tus funciones? Responsable de crear, comprender y documentar la lógica detrás de las capas de datos de configuración y aplicación para Batch Context Engine desde los sistemas fuente hasta las tablas de salida definidas.Crear, construir e implementar bases de datos y sus modelos de datos que cumplan con los requisitos de la organización.Debe trabajar en estrecha colaboración con las partes interesadas. ¿Desde dónde trabajarás?Híbrido: 1 día presencial en las oficinas de cliente en San Cugat del Vallés.No hay intensiva los viernes y en verano, pero se flexibiliza el horario.¿Qué implica formar parte de knowmad mood? 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦Plan de carrera 🏄 Tu crecimiento es el nuestro, por eso, todos nuestros profesionales tienen a su disposición procesos diseñados específicamente para sus funciones dentro de la compañía: modelo de competencias, evaluaciones, planes de formación y certificación, proyectos y eventos.Retribución Flexible 💰Podrás optar por cheques restaurante, cheques guardería, tarjeta de transporte, o seguro médico. Junto los beneficios y descuentos que te proponemos al unirte al Club de ventajas.Conciliación vida familiar y laboral 💆Nos gusta que tengas equilibrio en tu vida personal y en tu carrera profesional, por lo que disfrutamos de 22 días de vacaciones + 2 días de libre disposición + 24 y 31 de diciembre, además de opciones de teletrabajo, horario flexible y jornada intensiva los viernes y en verano.Formación continua 💻 como medio para conseguir el desarrollo personal y profesional de nuestros compañeros. Tendrás opciones para formarte en últimas tecnologías, inglés, competencias/habilidades. Además de nuestro programa de certificaciones oficiales y las licencias de Udemy Business.Wellness 🔋Promovemos un estilo de vida saludable entre todos los que formamos knowmad mood y, por eso, contamos con varias iniciativas que fomentan nuestra salud y bienestar. Nuestro equipo de People Care está siempre a tu disposición para que las experiencias en knowmad mood sean humanas y lo más alegres posible.Nos gusta celebrar los momentos especiales 🎉 Así que estate atento a lo largo del año porque recibirás alguna que otra sorpresa...¡entre otras muchas cosas!Si tienes cualquier duda o quieres ampliar la información, no dudes en contactar con cualquiera de los compañeros de People & Talent.
Language Data Analyst	TELUS International	España (En remoto)	TELUS International is looking for Language Data Analysts in Barcelona, Spain to work onsite for a machine learning project! At the moment, we are looking for candidates with fluency in Hebrew to cover a temporary vacancy of undefined duration.Language Data Analysts will analyze data in a given language and identify potential issues. They will also collaborate with international testing teams and engineers to help reproduce issues and test features. Data obtained will be used to train and improve speech recognition and AI systems.RESPONSIBILITIES:Includes, but is not limited to the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Linguistic data labelling.  Analyzing language data in the given language and identifying potential issues and patterns.  Collaborating with an international testing team and engineers to help reproduce issues and test features.  Communicating with various departments.  SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:  Fluency in Hebrew .  Preferred educational background: linguistics, literature or translation.  Available to work onsite in Barcelona, Spain.  Excellent reading, writing and comprehension skills in English; ability to understand and closely follow elaborate guidelines in English.  In-depth knowledge of native culture and history, staying up to date with day-to-day news and happenings in the target country and regular use of the language required.  Strong attention to detail and ability to meet project targets.  Self-motivated and able to work as part of the team or independently.  Good computer and software skills across different operating systems.  Strong typing skills.  Good organizational skills  Adaptable to changing environments.  WHAT WE OFFER:  Attractive salary  Fixed-term contract with TELUS International  Referral program with attractive bonuses  Private medical insurance for employees and relatives  Great office at a top location  Positive international working environment (relaxing zones, terrace, kitchen)  Discounts in gym memberships  Career development opportunities  No overtime or weekend work  Continuous support and learning  Access to counseling sessions  If this opportunity sounds appealing to you, apply now! Kindly attach your CV in English. Please note that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. ABOUT US:AI Data SolutionsCreating and enhancing the world's data to enable better AI via human intelligence.We strive to enhance the world's data to enable better AI through human intelligence. Our team of data, technology, and project management professionals work with companies to test and improve machine learning models. We handle various data types, including text, images, audio, video, and geo. Our solutions improve AI systems in multiple applications, such as advanced smart products, improved search results, expanded speech recognition, more human-like bot interactions, and more.TELUS International values diversity and grants equal opportunity regardless of age, civil status, disability, gender, nationality, race, religion and political beliefs, sex or sexual orientation.Additional Job DescriptionTELUS International is looking for Language Data Analysts (various languages) in Barcelona, Spain.EEO StatementAt TELUS International, we enable customer experience innovation through spirited teamwork, agile thinking, and a caring culture that puts customers first. TELUS International is the global arm of TELUS Corporation, one of the largest telecommunications service providers in Canada. We deliver contact center and business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions to some of the world's largest corporations in the consumer electronics, finance, telecommunications and utilities sectors. With global call center delivery capabilities, our multi-shore, multi-language programs offer safe, secure infrastructure, value-based pricing, skills-based resources and exceptional customer service - all backed by TELUS, our multi-billion dollar telecommunications parent.Equal Opportunity EmployerAt TELUS International, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. All aspects of employment, including the decision to hire and promote, are based on applicants’ qualifications, merits, competence and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity.
Data Analyst (Full remote within Spain)	Leadtech Group	España (En remoto)	We are looking for a Data Analyst who is passionate about their work, adapts easily, and shares our company values!A Little Bit About UsLeadtech has been fostering and developing innovative digital businesses across several industries since 2009. It has since then expanded to a team of over 500 committed employees working all over Spain. We are thrilled to have more than 23 nationalities working together and very proud to see that our products and services are enjoyed by millions of users monthly around the globe.ResponsibilitiesYou’re our perfect candidate if you: Conduct thorough data analysis to identify patterns, trends, and improvement opportunities within datasetsCreate effective reports and visualizations to communicate key findings to the company's teams and support data-informed decision-makingCollaborate closely with business intelligence specialists, data scientists and other team members to develop predictive models and data-driven solutionsPerform ad-hoc research to address specific business-related questionsContinually maintain and enhance data quality, ensuring data integrity and accuracyParticipate in the identification and collection of new data relevant to business objectivesContribute to the evaluation of new tools and technologies for data management and analysisStrong analytical skillsOutstanding oral and written communication skills as well as interpersonal skills RequirementsYour expertise in a nutshell: Bachelor's degree in a related field, such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering (Industrial Engineering, Telecommunications Engineering), or a similar disciplineDemonstrated experience in data analysis, preferably in a Data Science environmentSolid knowledge of data analysis tools, such as KNIME, SPSS, or similar toolsExperience with databases and query languages, such as SQLAbility to create effective visualizations using tools like Qlik Sense, QlikView or similarStrong communication skills and the ability to translate technical findings into clear business recommendationsTeamwork and collaboration skills to work closely with other data professionals and cross-functional teamsProactive attitude and results-orientedBasic knowledge of machine learning and statistics techniques is a plus BenefitsPerks of being one of us Top-notch private health insurance — includes dental and psychological servicesFull-time, permanent contractFlexible time off, no blackout dates, plus your birthday, Christmas’ Eve and New Year’s Eve offRemote work OR come into the office if you prefer!Flextime (7 – 9:30 a.m. / 3:30 – 7:30 p.m)Free Friday afternoons (a 7-hour workday!) + 35-hour week in July and August (free afternoons here we come!)Enhanced career path designed just for youExternal training budgetOther: ticket restaurant, nursery ticketsBudget for team-building activitiesWe celebrate all company landmarksAnd when you come into the office, you’ll get free coffee and snacks, fresh fruit, and can enjoy our game room and the cool terrace overlooking the Mediterranean Sounds good? Apply now! We’re looking forward to getting to know you.Equal Employment Opportunity Employer:Leadtech is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer, which means we encourage applications from people with different backgrounds, interests, and personal circumstances. Our team welcomes applicants regardless of their race, gender, age, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, and/or disabilities. All we need is your high energy, skills, and willingness to be a part of a great project!LocationYou'll have the flexibility to choose whether you'd like to come to the office every day, from time to time, or work fully remote. We want you to find the best combination for you.If you prefer to be surrounded with amazing people, our exceptional office is in Barcelona’s Blue Building, located right on the city's seafront. Besides our stunning views, you’ll enjoy our office perks such as free fruit, snacks, and coffee and you’ll also be able to take part in our Mario Kart and table tennis competitions.The personal data you provide will be processed in order to manage your candidacy for the corporate selection processes that fit your profile. If you wish, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification or cancellation by writing to our address (Avenida Litoral, 12-14, 5ta planta. Barcelona. 08005) or to the email address protecciondedatos@LeadTech.com, attaching to your request a document that can validate your identity.Apply for this job
Senior Data Analyst	Minsait	España (En remoto)	More digital. More human. More Minsait.Somos una empresa líder global de tecnología y consultoría digital que conecta personas, tecnología y negocios para generar crecimiento, transformación e impacto positivo y sostenible.Buscamos Senior Data Analyst, interesados en trabajar en nuestros equipos multidisciplinares del área de DATA.¿Cuál es el reto que te proponemos? Participación en proyectos punteros del ámbito de DATA.Estarás en contacto continuo con las novedades tecnológicas, impulsando la transformación digital.Participarás en proyectos y desarrollos que tienen una alta visibilidad y que marcan la diferencia con soluciones disruptivas y especializadas para toda la cadena de valor.Te ofrecemos una formación continua dentro del área. ¿Qué esperamos por tu parte? Experiencia superior a 4 años en proyectos del ámbito de DATA. Experiencia con modelado multidimensional de datos. ETLs Reporting Inglés Se valorarán los siguientes conocimientos: Ingeniería de Datos. Azure, Google Cloud, AWS. Motivos por los que te encantará ser un #Minsaiter: Conciliación y equilibrio: 32 días laborables de descanso, jornada intensiva en verano y teletrabajo.Carrera profesional y formación continua adaptada a tus necesidades y motivaciones.Contrato indefinido y retribución competitiva, seguro de vida y acceso a planes de retribución flexible.Programa de bienestar con acceso a una red de gimnasios, servicio de telemedicina en línea gratuita y otras ventajas. Minsait, technology for a more human future!Nuestro compromiso es promover ambientes de trabajo en los que se trate con respeto y dignidad a las personas, procurando el desarrollo profesional de la plantilla y garantizando la igualdad de oportunidades en su selección, formación y promoción ofreciendo un entorno de trabajo libre de cualquier discriminación por motivo de género, edad, discapacidad, orientación sexual, identidad o expresión de género, religión, etnia, estado civil o cualquier otra circunstancia personal o social.
CMC Data Analyst	Planet Pharma	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Location - UK, Europe, Switzerland (Home Based) travel to site 2-4 days a monthStart: Now-end of FebLength - 12 months Budget - Market RateBackground: They will be working with data from CMC (protocols, method data), Tech Ops, MES (manufacturing) (will be 1/3 or 1/4 initially) and lab - this will come later on (stability stress testing, intermediate data captures, end reports). The users really need support and this is why 'presence' is important. Day to day they will be working with business users to get what they need and so communicating with the stakeholders and CDMOs to be able to deliver. Requirements to sub:- Circa 5-7 years as a Data Analyst in relevant teams (CMC, Tech Ops, DS, DP, Supply Chain and MES)- Proactive and keen communicator and collaborator. - - Must understand the manufacturing, CMC, Tech ops processes, understand the data and then be able to educate users on what to do with it (and for example how they can use it to format for a dossier). - Experience in the following : Excel, SAS/JMP, Tableau, Power BI, SQL, R, Python.- Knowledge, experience and interest in 'Digital CMC' would be advantageous,JD: Chemical Manufacturing and Control Data Analyst Responsibilities:  Collaborate with internal DS, DP, AD, Supply Chain and Quality to identify data reporting requirements Partner with Business Information Services and CDMOs to obtain appropriate data sets in support of such reportingGenerate automated reports and dashboards to communicate data insights and trends to stakeholdersPerform statistical and process capability analysisDeliver custom reports supporting regulatory reporting obligationsClean, process and analyze data so it can be turned into meaningful output for the various teamsIdentify and troubleshoot data quality issues and anomalies based on parameters as defined in the QTPPIdentify opportunities to automatize repetitive tasks across the different teams  Requirements:  Bachelor’s degree in chemistry, biochemistry, biotechnology, or related fieldExperience in data analysis and reporting in the biopharmaceutical industryKnowledge of chemical/Biological manufacturing and control principles and techniquesProficiency in data analysis tools and software such as Excel, SQL, R, Python, JMP/SAS, Power BI, Tableau ....Proficiency in machine learning
Market Research & Data Analyst	Mews	Unión Europea (En remoto)	🌍 Can you help us change the world?Yes, you read that correctly. It sounds grand, but we’ve got big ideas at Mews. We’re transforming the world of hospitality, re-imagining the industry with a best-in-class cloud-based property management solution for hotels, hostels, apartments, and so much more.We’re on the lookout for ambitious, tenacious and passionate people who want to join the next generation of innovators and disrupt the hospitality industry with us. Sound good so far? If you’re a Sales Manager keep reading and tumble down the Mews rabbit hole... 🐇🧑🏻‍💻 About the roleFirst things first: you want to know what you’re actually applying for. It’s impossible to capture every nuance of a role – especially at a rapidly growing company like Mews – but if we had to distil it down to a job description (which we do because this is a job description), it would be this:Reporting to the Director of Market Research and Intelligence at Mews, and working together with the Market Research Lead, the Market Research Analyst will specialise in data collection, analysis, and reporting to support research on the global hospitality market.The successful candidate will play a critical role in delivering market intelligence and research at Mews - supporting the Market Research Lead on data focused components of projects to ensure their delivery makes an impact.You will be entrepreneurial, highly analytical, a team player, and only satisfied when your work has a deep, meaningful impact. You will have a desire to break new ground and experiment. This role will enable you to do this, through offering opportunities to develop and be part of a range of innovative research and intelligence projects.Your primary focus will be delivering research projects - making key contributions through the application of data analytics, which may include the use of web, official and open data. Where needed, you come up with innovative solutions to data problems. Alongside this work you will be required to develop new insights work, projects and contribute to commercial opportunities.✅ Your mission, should you choose to accept it: A highly proficient and enterprising data analyst with 1-3 years working experience.Support technical decisionsCollaborate with members of the business, technical and leadership teamsProviding expertise, data support and advice on technical and non-technical issues associated with data analysis, methods and useWork in cross-organisational teams split across multiple geographies. Working knowledge of Agile/ Kanban methods a plusWilling enthusiast to create change and spearhead adoption of data best practises, standards, and governanceImplement processes and good practice related to data collection, storage, sharing, modelling, analysis, visualisation and managementAble to assess project scope and define timelines, plans, and roadmapAble to suggest improvement opportunities and identify solutions to technical challenges to support the Research and Intelligence team and colleagues at Mews more broadlyCommitment to data quality and operational excellencePromote a development environment that is agile, fast-paced, and iterative 🤝️ You’ll be a great fit if you bring a few of the below with yo Excellent problem solving skills - you thrive when it comes to identifying problems and coming up with creative solutionsEnjoy building something with other people, and love to see how your analysis and insights have a real-world impactHighly experienced with data and statistics management - ability to work with a range of data from official statistics to web data (and everything in between)Highly developed understanding of data science, and statistical methodsHighly experienced in using Python and SQL. Experience in statistical modelling or machine learning is a plus Curious about broader economic trends, and the impact that this has on hospitality, hotels, and their servicesAbility to critically interpret, evaluate and consolidate information into written research reportsKnowledge about the global hospitality market, key characteristics, and market dynamics is a plus  🎉 What’s in it for you?Did you know that Mews has been voted the Best Place to Work in Hotel Tech for 2 years running? You do now. Most of that is down to our inspiring team, but part of it is because of some pretty amazing perks. As well as awesome colleagues and stimulating work, you'll get: Participation in the Company shares programBest-in-class Parental Leave Policy. At Mews, as the primary caregiver you get 6 months of fully paid parental leave, and as a secondary caregiver, you get 2 months of fully paid parental leave. (No matter your location, this can be used during the 1st year and applies if you've been employed for at least 1 year at Mews)Flexible Benefits via the ThanksBen platformUnlimited paid holiday (no, this is not a typo)Wellness Wednesday's (where every last Wednesday of the month, the whole company enjoys a paid day off to attend to your own well-being)Remote/flexible working (we're 100% hybrid-proof, but we cannot hire from anywhere in the world unfortunately, so feel free to reach out and check with us!)Monthly working from home allowance and a monthly healthcare insurance allowance (we want you to be happy & healthy)Regular team events and socials 🤷🏻 Who is Mews?We want to get to know you, so it’s only fair we tell you a little bit about ourselves first. Mews has been transforming hospitality since 2012. What began in a single hotel in Prague now powers thousands of hotels around the world, as they pursue their mission to develop transformational solutions for brands and create remarkable experiences for guests.Since the beginning, Mews embraced being different. Mews is not simply a property management system, but a connected hospitality cloud with products across the hotel ecosystem and more integrations than anyone else.From global hospitality brands to independent properties, hoteliers join Mews because they recognize the power of innovation. They understand that they can benefit from hotel tech that drives efficiency, maximizes revenue, and improves guest happiness.Mews serves over 3,000 properties across more than 70 countries around the globe and works with a huge number of hotel tech partners to provide hoteliers with an unbeatable connectivity – no other solution offers as many integrations.At the 2020 HotelTechAwards, Mews was voted Best PMS by industry peers. Mews was also a Best PMS Finalist in 2021 and 2022, as well as being named Best Place to Work in Hotel Tech in the same years. Mews ranked 24th in the FT 1000 fastest growing European companies in 2021.💭 Life at Mews That’s what we do, but what about who we are? Mews’ culture is special and difficult to capture in words, which makes writing this tricky. You'll experience the freedom to be yourself and the ability to watch your ideas come to life. You’ll have an open line of communication and an open invitation to after-work drinks, be they virtual or in-person. Sometimes the work can be challenging and there can be a lot of it, but you’ll always be able to rely on those around you.Yes, we’re ambitious and we move fast, but we know the value of fun and taking a breather. Every month we have a Wellness Wednesday, a day off that you can use to boost your health, whether that’s a long lie-in, a trip to the gym, or anything in between. We have slack channels for almost every interest imaginable, and an all-company meeting every Friday gives you the chance to ask any question to our leadership team.Oh, and we love our pets ❤️. To get more of an idea what life at Mews is like (and to see dozens of cute cats, dogs, and hamsters), check out our Instagram 🐾. We’re guided by our five key values; if you see yourself in them, it’s time to get in touch.
Analista de datos	Voiping US	España (En remoto)	¡En Voiping US seleccionamos Talento!Desde el Departamento de Talento & Recruitment de Voiping US, seleccionamos un perfil Experto Técnico de Pentaho- Kettle, para incorporarse en el equipo de uno de nuestros clientes más importantes y reconocido dentro del sector IT.¿Crees que es el momento de seguir creciendo profesionalmente? Esta oportunidad es para ti, estamos buscando profesionales con nuevos objetivos, con ganas de trabajar y con mucha pasión para formar parte de un gran equipo de trabajo.Requisitos: Experiencia avanzada en Pentaho y Kettle Condiciones:- Modalidad 100% remoto.- Contrato indefinido.Si cuentas con los requisitos necesarios y te interesa un nuevo proyecto con reubicación en España. ¡Inscríbete! y contactaremos posteriormente a la mayor brevedad posible y te comentaremos más detalles de nuestra propuesta.Si te interesa escuchar nuestra propuesta, puedes enviar tu CV actualizado a: cnavas@voiping.esMuchas gracias.Voiping US ¡Crecemos Juntos!
Global Commercial Data Analyst – Data Projects (Anywhere in Europe)	Viatris	España (En remoto)	7090 Mylan Healthcare Sp. z o.oAt VIATRIS, we see healthcare not as it is but as it should be. We act courageously and are uniquely positioned to be a source of stability in a world of evolving healthcare needs.Viatris empowers people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life.We do so via:Access – Providing high quality trusted medicines regardless of geography or circumstance;Leadership – Advancing sustainable operations and innovative solutions to improve patient health; andPartnership – Leveraging our collective expertise to connect people to products and services.As the Global Commercial Data Analyst - Data Projects, you will be analyzing commercial datasets to identify patterns, trends, and insights, and managing commercial analytics projects to enable data and insights that can drive strategic initiatives; This role requires a deep understanding of data management, data integration, and data analysis techniques, as well as strong analytical, statistical, and programming skills. You will work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including IT and business stakeholders, to ensure the accuracy and integrity of linked datasets.Key Responsibilities For This Role Include Design and manage data management workstreams to process, integrate and curate datasets from across commercial data sourcesLeverage relevant tools and platforms to design models and processes to support deriving actionable insightsValidate and curate data to ensure data quality, accuracy, and integrityCollaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and develop data management and governance strategiesDevelop and maintain documentation of data provenance, management and consumption pipeline, including data mapping, data transformation, and data validation steps, to ensure repeatability and reproducibility of processesStay up-to-date with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies related to data linkage, data management, and data analysis, and provide recommendations for continuous improvement The Qualifications For This Role Are Bachelor's or master’s degree in computer science, Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, or a related fieldAt least 5 - 7 years of experience in commercial data management, data analytics and data scienceMinimum of 3 - 4 years of experience in pharma industry and / or with pharma commercial data setsPrior experience in data integration, and data analysis, preferably in a pharmaceutical setting.Strong technical skills, including prior experience in SQL (ideal), Python (preferred), and other data processing tools and languages.Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to work with large and complex datasets.Strong attention to detail and accuracyAbility to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to communicate complex ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences with high proficiency in English. At Viatris, we offer competitive salaries, benefits, and an inclusive environment where you can use your experiences, perspectives, and skills to help make an impact on the lives of others.Viatris is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations.At Viatris, we offer competitive salaries, benefits and an inclusive environment where you can use your experiences, perspectives and skills to help make an impact on the lives of others.Viatris is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Data Analyst - PowerBI & Log Analytics	Between Technology	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	¿Quieres desarrollar tu carrera en el mundo de los datos? ¿Te interesa trabajar con Azure y PowerBI?En BETWEEN apostamos por el mejor talento dentro del sector tecnológico. Nos involucramos en una gran variedad de proyectos punteros, trabajando con las últimas tecnologías. Actualmente en BETWEEN contamos con un equipo de más de 800 personas.Trabajamos en ámbitos como BI, IoT, Big Data e I+D. En el área de Operaciones implantamos proyectos de Service Desk, Infraestructuras IT y proyectos Cloud, entre otros.Actualmente seleccionamos un/a BI Developer para incorporarse de forma indefinida en uno de los equipos de Data que Between tiene implantados en uno de nuestros principales clientes.La persona seleccionada desarrollará reportes en PowerBI para diversas áreas de negocio dentro del sector energía. ¿Qué haré? Estas serán tus funciones principales:  Te encargarás del desarrollo de nuevos dashboards y mantenimiento de los existentes Trabajarás en Azure Portals con Azure Log Analytics Serás responsable de la resolución de incidencias Recogerás requerimientos y harás propuestas de mejora ¿Cómo lo haré? Tendrás a tu alcance:  Metodologías ágiles de trabajo Trabajarás multiproyecto bajo supervisión mínima Si eres BETWEENER obtendrás estos beneficios: Seguro médico con Sanitas.Dispondrás de oportunidades de formación y desarrollo profesional: Idiomas, cursos en Udemy, Certificaciones, Programa The Power Business School y Bootcamps especializados (Agile, DevOps, IA & Big Data, Ciberseguridad, etc.).Contarás con un equipo de Talento que te acompañará durante toda tu experiencia con nosotros. ¡Haremos un café una vez al mes! Así, mantendremos el contacto.Pondremos a tu disposición un amplio abanico de retos y proyectos acordes con tus objetivos personales y profesionales.Posibilidad de elegir cómo obtener parte de tu salario gracias a las ventajas fiscales de nuestra Retribución Flexible (Ticket restaurant, Ticket transporte, Ticket guardería).Descuentos para acceder a centros de Fitness con Gympass.Acceso a nuestro Club de Descuentos: Inspiring Benefits.En BETWEEN nos gusta mucho hacer networking, por lo que te invitaremos a participar en todos estos eventos ¡y más!: las BETWEEN Nights, torneos deportivos, Black Mamba Race, viernes de vermut, juegos de mesa, etc.Podrás disfrutar de nuestras fantásticas oficinas del 22@ las cuales disponen de Rooftop, tirador de cerveza, mesa de ping-pong y futbolín.Programa de recomendación remunerado de Talento.En BETWEEN, la igualdad de oportunidades es uno de nuestros valores. Nuestro compromiso es contratar al mejor talento independientemente de su raza, religión, sexo, edad y personas con otras capacidades y promover su desarrollo profesional y personal. Requisitos:Imprescindible: Experiencia mínima de 3 años con PowerBI (DAX, M, PowerQuery, Data Flows)Experiencia en integración de Log Analytics con PowerBIExperiencia en Cloud Inglés avanzado Valorable: Imprescindible persona proactiva, capaz de trabajar de forma autónoma.Experiencia en SQL
Business Data Analyst	Onyx CenterSource	Espacio Económico Europeo (En remoto)	Reports to Manager of Business DataThe business analyst will support development and execution of enhanced reporting, analysis and analytical models used to enhance decision making for internal & external stakeholders. He or she will create deliverables to support customer facing analysis and consultation. The role will interface with strategic & key customers and will work collaboratively with both Client Management and the Commercial organization.Location: EuropeResponsibilities: Understand company’s data set and quality to set a baseline & identify gaps to be filledGather market insight from customers on business needs/objectives to refine reporting, dashboard, and analytical deliverables for Business Intelligence offeringDeliver internal, client specific, and aggregate customer analysisReview complex sets of information to identify opportunities, reach conclusions, & develop actionable recommendationsParticipate in the on-going development of reporting, dashboards, scorecards and multi-dimensional data analysis solutions to provide ongoing insight to internal & external stakeholdersPerform segmentation and analysis of customer data to identify trends and create benchmarking comparisonsContinuously take a forward-looking view by researching, validating, and proposing new deliverables and analysis.Support the BI leader to identify data requirements and enhancements to further enable analytical deliverablesEncourage the business to ‘think beyond’ and challenge the current practicesDevelop analysis and materials to advance Onyx’s thought leadership in the industryDevelop strong relationships with commercial product owners to understand the business process and data.Perform detailed data research and discovery to understand data sources, processes, and integrations that cause data quality issuesWork with Onyx’ BI and Data engineering team to build data pipeline and reports to support the analytical findings. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree2 to 5 years of analytics experienceProven ability to leverage data, quantitative analysis and advanced analytics to deliver actionable insights, guide decisions and drive business resultsExperience with SQLExperience with SalesforceExperience with AWS Data LakeExperience with PythonAdvanced skills in Microsoft ExcelKnowledge of Tableau / Microstrategy Preferred Qualifications: Experience in travel & hospitality highly valuedSpecific experience in business analytics at a hotel chain and/or a large travel management company/travel consulting company is desired Competencies: Ability to translate quantitative data into actionable recommendationsAbility to translate business objectives into customer analysis, measurements, and recommendationsIdentifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data setsAnalyzing data using statistical techniques and providing reportsAbility to identify and analyze critical issues, draw conclusions, and formulate recommended solutions while being attentive to details and data qualityAbility to communicate complex data concepts in ways that internal & external stakeholders will understandExcellent verbal and written communication skills Characteristics: Analytical thinkerCuriosityStrong communication and storytelling skillsSelf/motivated & accountableAchievement/goal orientatedFlexible/adaptableService-orientedCollaborativeRational/logicalDetail-orientedDesire for continuous improvement
Business Intelligence Consultant	Remobi	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Today, organisations that understand the value of remote working will reap the rewards. Because it doesn’t just provide team members with a healthier work-life balance, it gives you the opportunity to access the brightest minds in the world.Our clients access our community to build or extend their existing teams. All are made up of remote, distributed software engineering experts - the best-in-class. Rapidly deployed without compromising on quality.Join our Remobi community to have access to meaningful, innovative freelance projects and play a key role in shaping how companies operate. Job Title: QlikView/Qlik Sense AdministratorLocation Remote Start Date: ASAPDuration: Until 31/03/23 Utilization: 40 hours/weekPosition Type: Freelance/Contract/B2B Key Responsibilities: Administer and maintain Qlik View and Qlik Sense servers on Windows machines.Troubleshoot server-related issues to ensure uninterrupted operation of Qlik platforms.Update and maintain Windows servers and associated software components, including Python.Perform user and license management tasks to optimize system usage and security. Must-Have Skills: Proficiency in administering Qlik View and Qlik Sense servers.In-depth knowledge of QMC (Qlik Management Console) functionalities and configurations.Experience in implementing and managing security rules and access controls. Should-Have Skills: Certification in QlikView/Qlik Sense administration.Expertise in Windows server administration.
Analista de datos con Power BI Junior	The Wise Seeker	España (En remoto)	TareasDesde The Wise Seeker estamos buscando un Analista de datos para el equipo de desarrollo.Requisitos Al menos 1 año de experiencia como Analista de Datos y/o Consultor de BI, preferentemente en empresa que tenga actividad onlineFormación: ADE, Economía o similar preferentementePerfil analíticoExperiencia en la toma de requisitos y en el diseño funcional en soluciones de analítica descriptiva.Experiencia con herramientas de visualización como Power BI, Qlik Sense, Data Studio, etc.Conocimiento SQL y DAX.Definición de modelos de datos y experiencia en procesos ETL. BeneficiosRemoto 100%Jornada de trabajo flexibleIndefinidoSalario: 21400€ brutos anuales + revisión anual con subida entre 5% y 20%
Senior Data Analyst (Spain Remote)	AirHelp	España (En remoto)	Are you passionate about data analysis and willing to have a real impact on improving data culture in a global organization? Then join us as a Senior Data Analyst! Data is at the heart of everything we do, and we’re looking for a candidate who can take ownership of technical data assets, and support all other departments in making full use of them.You will be remotely working with a seasoned and highly motivated, multi-cultural team of Data Engineers, DataOps, Data Scientists and Data Analysts spread across Europe. You will have the challenge of supporting business needs in a fast-changing environment and helping AirHelp reach the next level of data maturity.You will work with the team on developing relevant data models and generating valuable insights. You will also be in charge of conducting advanced analysis and developing appealing visualizations, dashboards and storytellings for business stakeholders.What you’ll do: Work with business stakeholders to collect, understand and document business requirements.Design and develop robust data models using Snowflake, dbt, etc.Develop advanced analysis to obtain relevant insights and build appealing storytelling using HEX, Jupyter Notebooks, etc.Design, develop, and maintain data-reporting dashboards using commercial BI tools.Mentor and share your technical expertise with Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Data Analysts and other AirHelp technology colleagues. Ideally, you’ll bring with you: Proven experience in a data analyst role working with large datasets, both using Python (Jupyter Notebooks, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, etc) and commercial BI tools.Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative field like Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or any other with a strong quantitative component.Proficient expertise in SQL, including the ability to clean, extract and manipulate data.Experience with commercial BI tools (Periscope, Looker, Tableau or others).Structured, critical, systematic and scientific thinking.Problem solver with excellent analytical skills.Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English. Nice to have: Experience working in agile environments, preferably with Jira.Hands-on experience with data transformation and data modeling using dbt framework.Solid understanding of data warehousing principles, concepts and best practices.Hands-on experience using Snowflake or similar Cloud Data Warehousing solutions (Redshift, BigQuery, etc). Make a real impact on travelAt AirHelp, you will make a difference working with the world's largest organization specializing in air passenger rights. We support travelers around the world and help them get the compensation they deserve when their flight doesn't go according to the plan. We're a global, diverse team that helps make air travel better for all. In 10 years, we’ve helped 1.5 million people receive the compensation they were entitled to when their flight was delayed, canceled or diverted. We’re really proud of our 102k 5-star Trustpilot ratings.Perks and benefits: Internal training programs and knowledge-sharing eventsPersonalized progression planLanguage classesLunch subsidy Flexible benefits: gym membership, personal education, childcare, public transportation, or leisure travel subsidyMacBook AirHybrid workspace (partially remote, partially from one of our offices in Barcelona, Gdańsk or Krakόw)Work from anywhere for 2 weeks a yearTeam daysEvents and parties Next steps: Video call with the RecruiterTechnical video call with Head of DataOnline meeting with the Data Team representatives AirHelp is, and always will be, an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.All of our offices are wheelchair accessible. We welcome applicants who have special needs and are happy to adjust our interview process to accommodate them. We invite refugees and displaced people to join our team, please submit your application in English and we look forward to hearing from you.Powered by JazzHRMZiu2xyLLw
Prácticas de Analista de datos (remoto)	HelloMrLead	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	Con esta oferta, de Prácticas de análisis de datos nuestro objetivo es atraer la atención de futuros trabajadores para este departamento, contando con los mejores profesionales organizados y con gran capacidad de atención, que quieran afrontar grandes retos dentro de un mundo tan complejo como es el mundo de las bases de datos y el análisis de estas.El equipo de BBDD, se ocupa de manejar grandes cantidades de bases de datos diferentes, de la manera más eficiente posible, con el fin de disponer de las mejores herramientas o sistemas para trabajar dichas bases, y comunicarse bien con el resto de la empresa, pudiendo tomar así las mejores decisiones de negocioEs una tarea muy compleja, por lo que se necesita contar con una buena formación previa y un conocimiento al detalle de varias aplicaciones de manejo de datos. Sin embargo, a pesar de la dificultad de este proyecto, es una apuesta segura para empezar a labrar un futuro prometedor en un sector como es este, que ofrece múltiples posibilidades para mejorar vuestro perfil profesional desde un inicio, y poder formar parte una plantilla preparada.TAREAS Análisis del target del cliente: sector, tamaño empresa, país, ciudad, cargo de la persona, etc.Proveer de bbdd de manera constante al equipo de ventas.Búsqueda y generación de bbdd a través de búsqueda abierta en LinkedIn, WhiteList e Infocif.Limpieza, manejo y gestión de las bbdd.Enriquecimiento de BBDD.Promover ideas significativas para mejora de los sistemas de análisis de datos, cuestionarse los medios y herramientas utilizadas en su día a día para plantear nuevas ideas innovadoras y poder sorprender a nuestros clientes con los mejores medios y aplicaciones que faciliten el proceso de ventas ¿QUÉ BUSCAMOS EN TI? Sentir interés por el mundo de las bases de datos y del marketing B2BBuen manejo de ExcelSer capaces de desenvolverse correctamente en todo el proceso de gestión de BBDDBuenas habilidades para identificar mejoras en los procesos internos de la empresaValoramos experiencia en gestión de equipo REQUISITOS Necesidad de firmar convenio de prácticas con un centro de estudios.Estudios superiores relacionados con Ciencia de Datos, Big Data, Marketing, Publicidad y Finanzas. CONDICIONES:En Hellomrlead apostamos por tu aprendizaje y queremos que crezcas profesionalmente con nosotros y si así lo deseas te unas finalmente al equipo. Por eso tenemos el siguiente plan de desarrollo: Primer mes (sin remuneración) de prueba y formación, con cursos acreditados.A partir del 2º mes prácticas remuneradas con 300€ con posibilidad de aumentos, o bonificaciones por cumplir los objetivos mensuales. Contrato progresivo, ampliando responsabilidades, horario y salario tras varios meses y finalmente posibilidad de contrato indefinido.  BENEFICIOS: Certificado curso B2B Sales AcademyFlexibilidad horaria100% teletrabajoAprendizaje uso de CRM y competencias y skills enfocados a ventas. Te estamos esperando :)Requisitos: Necesidad de firmar convenio de prácticas con un centro de estudios.Estudios superiores relacionados con Ciencia de Datos, Big Data, Marketing, Publicidad y Finanzas.
Business Intelligence Analyst Carreras Profesionales · Sant Cugat Del Vallès · Hybrid Remote	EsadeGov	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	         Este anuncio proviene de un tablón de empleos.       Más información    Puesto de trabajo: Business Intelligence AnalystUnidad: Esade CareersAbout Esade Esade is a global academic institution known for the quality of its education, international outlook, and focus on holistic personal development, as well as its strong ties to the business world. Our academic activity encompasses education, research, and social debate. We aim to drive meaningful change through social commitment and innovation.The OpportunityTranslating data into actionable insights to enhance career services and improve student information outcomes.Your Main Responsabilities As a Business Intelligence Analyst for the Esade Careers Team, you will play a crucial role in supporting data-driven decision-making and strategic planning initiatives. Your primary responsibility will be to collect, analyze, and interpret various data sources related to student outcomes, employment trends, industry insights, and employer engagement.Key Responsibilities: Data Collection and Management:Gather and consolidate data from internal and external sources, such as student surveys, student preferences, alumni databases, employment reports, and industry trends.Maintain and update databases regularly to ensure accuracy and completeness of information.Data Analysis and Visualization:Analyze data using statistical methods and data visualization tools to identify trends, patterns, and opportunities.Create visually appealing and informative dashboards, reports, and presentations to communicate key findings to stakeholders.Student Outcome Analysis:Assess the career paths and outcomes of graduates, tracking employment rates, job placements, salary levels, and other relevant metrics.Conduct cohort analyses to understand the success of specific programs in the job market.Performance Tracking and Evaluation:Develop key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness of career development programs and initiatives.Monitor the success of various activities and provide actionable recommendations for continuous improvement.Collaborative Support:Work closely with the careers team to understand their data needs and provide timely support in data-driven decision-making.Collaborate with other departments, such as admissions, engagement, rankings team and program teams, central IT and business intelligence teams to leverage cross-functional data for a holistic perspective.Technology and Process Enhancement:Stay up to date with the latest BI tools, technologies, and best practices in data analysis to streamline processes and improve efficiency.Propose and implement enhancements to data collection, storage, and analysis procedures.Management of technical incidents.Qualifications Bachelor's degree in business Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science Engineering, Informatics or a related field.A master's degree in business analytics is a plus.Excel, Power BI, Salesforce or other CRM ToolsAdvanced level of Englishdegree in business Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, or a related field. A master's degree is a plus.experience in data analysis and reporting.of 4 years of experience in the BI field with the ability to design and implement BI business modelsin data manipulation and visualization tools such as Power BI, or similar platforms.high level of Excel.or similar CRM management and reporting.with statistical analysis and data modeling techniques.analytical mindset with the ability to draw insights from complex datasets.communication skills to present findings to non-technical stakeholders clearly.and capable of managing multiple projects simultaneously.orientation with a proactive attitude towards process improvement.Do Good. Do BetterThis encompasses our purpose. It is our pledge to bring about meaningful change by focusing on innovation and social commitmentAs an educational institution, Esade is committed to a set of values consistent with human quality and academic and professional excellence. Integrity, sensitivity, diversity, the common good, justice and sustainability are of great importance in our way of being and acting.We are known for the quality of our education, our international vision and a clear focus on the holistic development of the individual. Based on these pillars, we work with a unique methodology aimed at developing the talents of our students. This approach is strongly influenced by innovation and the avant-garde. Therefore, we integrate new technological and digital trends with classroom training.Commitment to Diversity and InclusionEsade celebrates diversity and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all individuals. We encourage inclusive leadership, and for us, talent is a key driver of diversity.Le informamos que Fundació ESADE como responsable del tratamiento tratará sus datos con la finalidad de gestionar su candidatura. El interesado puede ejercitar, si lo desea, los derechos de acceso, rectificación, y supresión de los datos, así como solicitar que se limite el tratamiento de sus datos personales, oponerse al mismo, solicitar la portabilidad de sus datos, a no ser objeto de decisiones individuales automatizadas, cuando proceda, así como a retirar su consentimiento en cualquier momento dirigiéndose al Delegado de Protección de Datos en ****** o a la dirección Av. Pedralbes, 60-62, 08034 Barcelona, adjuntando una copia del documento que acredite su identidad (DNI/NIE).Puede consultar información adicional y detallada sobre Protección de Datos aquí: .
Product Data Analyst	Yassir	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	About YassirYassir is the leading super App for on demand, ride-hailing, last-mile delivery, payment services and more, set to change the way daily services are provided. It currently operates in 45 cities across multiple countries. It has raised $150 million in Series B funding, five times what it raised in its previous priced round last November with world class investors such as BOND and Y Combinator, which is the precursor of the likes of Airbnb, Stripe, Dropbox, Doordash, among others.We’re not just about serving people - we’re about creating a marketplace to bring people what they need while infusing social values.About The RoleAs a product data analyst at Yassir, working in the Data and AI team, you will have the opportunity to do life-changing work for Yassir’s millions of customers. You will apply groundbreaking analytics that will shape the super-app strategy of Yassir and support the growth and success of all the services Yassir is currently offering across 45 cities in 7 countries.Responsibilities: You will work on different products, including ML/AI products, front-end products and backend systems, and will apply your data analysis skills, your analytical thinking and product intuition to create a marketplace of on-demand services You will work cross-functionally with partners across Product, Engineering, Research, Marketing, etc. to identify and solve the most important business and product problems for Yassir You are a data ambassador and foster a data-driven product development culture. Product: You will influence product strategy and execution. You will use data to shape product development, quantify new opportunities, identify upcoming challenges, and ensure the products we build bring value to all parties in our marketplace. You will help your partner teams prioritize what to build, set goals, track progress and understand their product’s ecosystem. Analytics: You will work with Engineering on collecting the right data to enable data driven decisions at Yassir. You will guide teams using data and insights. You will focus on developing hypotheses for where product opportunities are and will develop and use a diverse toolkit of rigorous analytical approaches, different methodologies, frameworks, and technical approaches to test them, building a continuous test-and-learn environment. Communication and influence: You will tell data-driven stories. You will influence your partners using insights and recommendations and move your organization to being truly and solely data-driven.  Minimum qualifications Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, a relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. A minimum experience of 5 years in analytics in a business or product environment. Experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), and/or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R) WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN YASSIR Join one of the fastest-growing tech companies in AfricaHave a lasting impact on our company's cultureMake a real impact on the world by helping us bring affordable financial and on-demand services to millions of AfricansWork on some really hard technical challenges from identity infrastructure for Africans, digital payment networks to complex mapping and routing systems across the continentWe are the first Algerian startup to go through Y Combinator program and we’re backed by top investors including Unpopular Ventures, Rebel Fund and DainTree.VC Applicants must be authorized to work in the EU without requiring for visa sponsorship by Yassir.Do you want to become part of our first-class team? You should definitely send us your application. 🚀
Data Analyst for Marketing Department (Full Remote within Spain)	Leadtech Group	España (En remoto)	We are looking for a Digital Marketing Analyst who is passionate about their work, adapts easily, and shares our company values!A Little Bit About UsLeadtech has been fostering and developing innovative digital businesses across several industries since 2009. It has since then expanded to a team of over 500 committed employees working all over Spain. We are thrilled to have more than 23 nationalities working together and very proud to see that our products and services are enjoyed by millions of users monthly around the globe.How will you make a differenceYou’re our perfect candidate if you: Create and maintain comprehensive reports, dashboards, and data visualizations to monitor marketing performance and communicate insights to stakeholdersDevelop automated reporting processes and implement data visualization tools and techniques to present complex data in a clear and understandable mannerWork closely with marketing leadership to define data-driven marketing strategies and objectivesDevelop measurement frameworks, KPIs, and performance targets aligned with marketing goalsTrack and measure marketing ROI to assess the profitability and efficiency of marketing initiativesIdentify opportunities for campaign optimization and provide recommendations to improve targeting, messaging, and customer acquisitionPartner with cross-functional teams, including marketing, sales, product, and finance, to understand business objectives, align analytics initiatives, and drive data-informed decision-making Collaborate with data engineers and IT teams to ensure the availability, quality, and security of marketing data.Requirements Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience required. A master's degree or equivalent is preferredAt least 3+ years with marketing analytics, digital analytics, and marketing platformsExperience with analytical and reporting tools, including MS Excel, QLIK, Google “Suite” including Google Analytics, GA4, Google Ads (including knowledge of GA4 and cookie-less tracking), Google Apps Script, Google Lighthouse, Google Tag Manager, Google Search Console and Google Looker StudioProficient in SQL, Phyton, Knime or similar languagesQlik or Similar: capability to create data visualisations and reports. Knowledge of Qlik Sense is a plus. Proficient in using data visualization tools to create informative dashboards and reportsSolid understanding of basic statistical concepts and methodologiesStrong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant volume of information with attention to detail and accuracyFamiliarity with data warehousing and database modeling best practices are preferredA fundamental understanding of integrated digital marketing programs and technologies across web, social, display, email, and programmatic platformsPossess intellectual curiosity, combined with knack for recognizing correlations, trends and irregularities in dataFlexible to handle multiple analytics projects simultaneously and stay calm under pressureExcellent communication skills both written and verbal, advanced presentation skills; Experience with A/B testing, conversion rate optimization, and marketing experimentationExcellent problem-solving skills and the ability to draw actionable insights from complex dataAPIs: Basic understanding of how to use application programming interfaces (APIs) to connect and transfer data between different marketing tools and platforms Your team We’re team-first. If you believe in the power of collaboration and that the team’s success is your success, then you’re one of us!Fun is fundamental. We believe in forming strong bonds in and outside the office. That’s why we have a team-building budget and organize activities to enjoy ourselvesPositivity wins the day. Bring a positive attitude and communicate openly. Self-awareness and an openness to learn are always a plus BenefitsPerks of being one of us Top-notch private health insurance — includes dental and psychological servicesFull-time, permanent contractFlexible time off, no blackout dates, plus your birthday, Christmas’ Eve and New Year’s Eve offRemote work OR come into the office if you prefer!Flextime (7 – 9:30 a.m. / 3:30 – 7:30 p.m)Free Friday afternoons (a 7-hour workday!) + 35-hour week in July and August (free afternoons here we come!)Enhanced career path designed just for youExternal training budgetOther: ticket restaurant, nursery ticketsBudget for team-building activitiesWe celebrate all company landmarksAnd when you come into the office, you’ll get free coffee and snacks, fresh fruit, and can enjoy our game room and the cool terrace overlooking the Mediterranean Sounds good? Apply now! We’re looking forward to getting to know you.Equal Employment Opportunity Employer:Leadtech is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer, which means we encourage applications from people with different backgrounds, interests, and personal circumstances. Our team welcomes applicants regardless of their race, gender, age, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, and/or disabilities. All we need is your high energy, skills, and willingness to be a part of a great project!LocationYou'll have the flexibility to choose whether you'd like to come to the office every day, from time to time, or work fully remote. We want you to find the best combination for you.If you prefer to be surrounded with amazing people, our exceptional office is in Barcelona’s Blue Building, located right on the city's seafront. Besides our stunning views, you’ll enjoy our office perks such as free fruit, snacks, and coffee and you’ll also be able to take part in our Mario Kart and table tennis competitions.The personal data you provide will be processed in order to manage your candidacy for the corporate selection processes that fit your profile. If you wish, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification or cancellation by writing to our address (Avenida Litoral, 12-14, 5ta planta. Barcelona. 08005) or to the email address protecciondedatos@LeadTech.com, attaching to your request a document that can validate your identity.
Senior Data Analyst, Customer Success	Deel	Europa, Oriente Medio y África (En remoto)	Who We Are And What We DoDeel is a global team that helps businesses hire anyone, anywhere, easily. Deel consists of more than three thousand self-driven individuals spanning over 100 countries. Our unified yet diverse culture keeps us continually learning and innovating the Deel platform and our products for customers.Companies should be able to hire the best talent anywhere in the world, so we are building the best platform to make that a reality. Our market-leading technology, expertise, and global team are crucial to the success of Deel’s platform. We deliver the best products and platform features in our space, enabling millions of jobs worldwide and connecting the global workforce with the best companies and opportunities.Why should you be part of Deel's success story?A 30-mile hiring radius should no longer dictate how companies hire because great talent lives everywhere. Deel sees a world without hiring borders and endless talent that pairs perfect candidates with great companies.We offer global teams all the tools they need to hire, onboard, manage, pay, and scale at full speed. We aim to foster a diverse global economy by building a generational platform that seamlessly connects companies with talent worldwide.After our successful Series D in 2021, we raised another $50M last year, doubling our valuation to $12B.There’s never been a more exciting time to join Deel — the market leader in international payroll and compliance.About The RoleDeel is one of the fastest SaaS companies ever to reach 100M revenue, and is very far along the way to become the fastest company to $1B revenue. Driven by an enormous market, and high speed of innovation, Deel has expanded their product suite and customer base by many orders of magnitude in the last few years. With over 20,000 global customers, customer success is a vital strategic pillar for Deel. As Senior Analyst for Customer Success, you’ll work closely with CS leadership and teams across the globe, helping them make the right decisions to drive higher customer engagement, lower churn and ultimately more profitability.Duties: As part of our data team, you’ll work closely with data engineers, analytics engineers and analysts across the business to develop our tool. You’ll work closely with the most senior CS stakeholders You will drive the direction of our churn & retention data models and reporting infrastructure, building dashboards in Looker You will own data enrichment of our customer success tooling, to ensure CS agents have the right insights at their disposal where they do their work. You’ll own the definition, quality and reliability for key business metrics, like NRR and Churn You’ll own and drive the development of customer success performance and productivity metricsWorking closely with analytics engineering, you’ll develop customer centric dbt models like segmentation and time-perspectives You’ll collaborate closely with our data science team to refine models on churn-risk and customer sentimentYou’ll build reporting in Looker, from highly curated and formatted dashboards that will see 1000+ viewers per months, to highly customizable self-service frameworks for specific subteams  Requirements: You hold a Bachelor’s degree in Math, Economics, CS, or another STEM fieldYou have at least 5 years experience in an analytical role You’ve worked for a B2B SaaS company in the past You’re an excellent communicator, you know how to tell simple, but compelling stories with dataYou work well with people across the spectrum Expert in SQL and Looker (or similar visualization tooling)Some experience in data modeling and metrics design We'd especially love to speak with you if: You have a worked with dbt and LookMLYou have experience using customer data platforms like Gainsight, or VitallyExperience with version control tools (GitHub, GitLab)You’ve worked for fast-growing B2B SaaS companies You have experience on customer analytics Total RewardsOur workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.At Deel, you’ll enjoy: Computer equipment applicable to your roleStock grant opportunitiesAdditional perks and benefits based upon your employment status and countryThe ability to choose where you work whether it be your home, the beach, or a WeWork At Deel, we're an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics."Please note that we will only communicate with our job applicants by using @deel.com domains. We will never contact applicants from any other email address. We will never ask for money from potential employees. Be cautious of any unauthorized solicitations. You may view the most current and accurate job postings at Deel by visiting https://www.deel.com/careers.
Data Analyst (SQL Wizard)	Diamond Foundry	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Diamond Foundry Inc. is solving the thermal limitation at the foundation of today's most exciting tech industries -- AI & cloud compute, electric-car power electronics, and 5G/6G wireless. We have managed to produce the world's first single-crystal diamond wafers and are now on a mission to put a diamond behind every chip. We are the rare unicorn that has grown fast and profitably. We received $515m in funding and are executing a multi-$B expansion plan for one of the greenest forms of tech manufacturing: converting greenhouse gas into diamond wafers using zero-emission energy.We are looking for a detail-oriented, hands-on Data Analyst to strengthen and grow our data collection, analysis, and presentation pipelines, which we use to report key business metrics and analyze our manufacturing process in real time. You will be working with a team of veteran mechanical, electrical, metrology, and software engineers, supporting and leading various analytics projects to enhance and visualize our data-driven manufacturing systems. A strong candidate has a subset of the listed skills/qualifications and an interest in developing others.We are looking for a data engineer to conceptualize, test, and design improvements for manufacturing-related data collection systems. We have built our data collection system from scratch, and use it to report key business metrics and analyze our manufacturing process in real-time. You'll be working with an experienced team of mechanical, electrical, metrology, and software engineers, assisting senior engineers and taking responsibility for your engineering projects. Your goal will be to achieve maximum productivity for our production line by improving data extraction techniques, standardizing data collection methods, and ensuring data security.A successful candidate will collaborate with our US and European teams and must be available during European workday hours.Responsibilities: Create, maintain, and own analytical models and dashboards for internal clients, turning data into an actionable and compelling narrative with visualizations. Coordinate with stakeholders to record, develop, and document business rules and data definitions. Create visibility of data and software issues among internal teams. Prepare ongoing reports for a broad range of stakeholders, including senior business leadership, to communicate trends, patterns, and forecasts to inform business decisions. Assist data and software engineers in database and application troubleshooting. Document and organize the work of the software development team in a manner that can be accessed by appropriate users when needed. Coordinate with the broader Factory Automation Systems team on team-wide initiatives. Lead the development of company best practices around data analytics, dashboarding, and reporting. Leading the design, development, and deployment of new BI reports, frameworks, and tools, including visual insights, detail reports, and dashboards. Building new BI reports to provide insight into production metrics for external customers while mitigating proprietary information exposure. Optimizing all stages of the data lifecycle, from initial planning, to ingest, through final display and beyond. Designing and implementing data extraction, cleansing, transformation, loading, and replication capabilities. Organizing and maintaining documentation so others are able to understand and use it. Implement, troubleshoot and maintain security standards for data storage, transfer, and interpretation. Develop highly available, highly scalable, encrypted, data storage, and disaster recovery for our systems. Designing new capabilities for data analysis and sourcing solutions from software service providers when appropriate. Performing data correction and providing data correction tools to enable a self sustaining dataset.  Requirements:  Strong communication and data presentation skills. Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, or related field. 3+ years experience in an analysis-focused role. Expertise with Looker or other common analytics and reporting tools (Power BI, Google Data Studio, Google Sheets / Excel, Tableau). Technical proficiency in SQL. Knowledge of program development and project management concepts. Demonstrated ability to work independently under limited supervision and as a team member in a collaborative environment. Comfort with ambiguity and task prioritization in a fast-moving environment. Ability to work cross-functionally, building and maintaining trust with internal stakeholders. Strong communication and data presentation skills, experience analyzing data and communicating the results to senior business leaders. Ability to work cross-functionally, building and maintaining trust with internal stakeholders. Experience in querying and manipulating large data sets using data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab). Experience with GCP (Google BigQuery, CloudSQL, Looker). Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar engineering discipline. 3+ years of software/SQL/CS engineering experience. Experience with maintaining security protocols across an organization.  A qualified candidate will have a subset of these skills: Software: SQL, Looker, Python, HTML, Java. Experience in building reports and real time BI analytics. Operational knowledge of servers both locally and in the cloud.  €52,000 - €73,000 a yearPosition is eligible for company shares. Actual compensation may be higher or lower in the range based on various factors, including, but not limited to a candidate’s job duties, experience, and location. We will also consider higher-level candidates and salary will be adjusted accordingly.Diamond Foundry believes in supporting our employees from the workplace to their personal and home life. We provide eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work. Perks include employee discounts to VRAI and catered lunches for onsite staff. All benefits offered are available starting your first day.Diamond Foundry is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.Diamond Foundry Inc. is committed to operating in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws. Our commitment extends to ensuring that our manufacturing and engineering departments adhere to the highest standards of legal and regulatory compliance. Additionally, these departments may have specific physical requirements to ensure the safety and efficiency of our operations. We prioritize the well-being of our employees and strive to create a work environment that promotes both legal compliance and the optimal functioning of our manufacturing and engineering processes.Manufacturing and Engineering Departments Physical Requirements: Use appropriate PPE and follow all safety policies, practices, and procedures. This position will often: Sit, stand for long periods, walk, grasp, reach with hands and arms, lift below and above shoulders, bend, twist at the waist, climb, balance, stoop, squat, kneel, crawl, talk, hear, see, use fine finger manipulation, and complete repetitive motions. Some tasks may require the use of ladders or stairsSome tasks may require driving or the use of foot controlsLift/carry and push/pull up to 50 pound This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.If E-Verify cannot confirm that you are authorized to work, this employer is required to give you written instructions and an opportunity to contact Department of Homeland Security (DHS) or Social Security Administration (SSA) so you can begin to resolve the issue before the employer can take any action against you, including terminating your employment.Employers can only use E-Verify once you have accepted a job offer and completed the Form I-9.
Data Analyst / Power BI Developer - 100% Remoto	Rhams Talent	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	⚠️ IMPORTANT: Only candidates based in Spain or with a valid right-to-work document in Spain will be considered.About The RoleIf you're a Power BI Developer & Designer who loves creating stunning visuals and translating data into actionable insights, this could be your perfect fit. This remote role allows you to apply your skills and knowledge in Power BI, SQL, and data modelling to improve and maintain our online platform and make it more user-friendly, functional, and aesthetically pleasing.Responsibilities Develop, maintain, and optimize Power BI reports and dashboards.Create and manage data models using SQL for efficient data storage and retrieval.Provide customer support for Power BI-related issues and queries.Collaborate with the sales team to produce customized reports and dashboards that drive business insights.Train team members in creating dashboards and provide documentation on standard and custom dashboards. Requirements A degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, economics, or a related field.Minimum of 3 years' experience in developing and designing Power BI solutions.Proficiency in SQL and basic understanding of SSAS tabular models.Exceptional analytical skills to transform data into informative visuals and reports.Ability to troubleshoot and problem-solve effectively.Excellent communication skills and a sales-oriented mindset.Proficiency in English, both spoken and written. What's In For You Competitive salary range of €30k-35K per year.100% remote work possibility, offering great flexibility.Opportunity to work with an established platform and help it reach new heights.A chance to train and collaborate with a dedicated team.An environment that encourages and values innovation and creativity.
Senior Data Analyst, Marketing	Deel	Europa, Oriente Medio y África (En remoto)	Who We Are And What We DoDeel is a global team that helps businesses hire anyone, anywhere, easily. Deel consists of more than three thousand self-driven individuals spanning over 100 countries. Our unified yet diverse culture keeps us continually learning and innovating the Deel platform and our products for customers.Companies should be able to hire the best talent anywhere in the world, so we are building the best platform to make that a reality. Our market-leading technology, expertise, and global team are crucial to the success of Deel’s platform. We deliver the best products and platform features in our space, enabling millions of jobs worldwide and connecting the global workforce with the best companies and opportunities.Why should you be part of Deel's success story?A 30-mile hiring radius should no longer dictate how companies hire because great talent lives everywhere. Deel sees a world without hiring borders and endless talent that pairs perfect candidates with great companies.We offer global teams all the tools they need to hire, onboard, manage, pay, and scale at full speed. We aim to foster a diverse global economy by building a generational platform that seamlessly connects companies with talent worldwide.After our successful Series D in 2021, we raised another $50M last year, doubling our valuation to $12B.There’s never been a more exciting time to join Deel — the market leader in international payroll and compliance.Duties Work with Marketing Analysts, Analytics engineers, and Digital Analytics ManagersPartner with marketing team on cross-functional projects to find opportunities to increase efficiency and scale our business effectivelyDesign and build dashboards and self-service tooling in Looker to enable a large, multi-faceted growth organisation to do their best work. You’ll collaborate closely with our analytics engineering team, building a clean, highly scalable marketing data modelling infrastructure in Snowflake (using dbt)Work closely with Marketing Leadership on complex questions to drive the most optimal growth strategies Suggest and perform analysis of landing pages, A/B test, audiences, segments, ads, and creativesDrive target audience segmentation, attribution modelling, lead generation analytics, paid and unpaid channels optimizationsOwn and optimise data connections within our marketing stack to get the right data in front of our stakeholders where they workDesign & implement the best attribution model strategy Requirements Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics or equivalent degreeYou have a deep understanding of marketing analytics (Content, Email, Social Media, SEO, SEM, …) Highly proficient in SQL Experience with Looker (or similar self-service data tooling) 3+ years experience in marketing/growth analytics area with a proven track record of success (conversion, ROI improvements)Excellent multitasking and problem-solving abilitiesYou are an excellent communicator, you love telling stories with data and you work easily with people across the spectrum We especially would like to speak with you if you have: Experience with Snowflake, Salesforce, Hubspot, dbtYou have experience with Python and other data science tools Experience with ETL tools, like Fivetran, funnel.io You’ve worked for a fast-growing B2B SaaS company  Total RewardsOur workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.At Deel, you’ll enjoy: Computer equipment applicable to your roleStock grant opportunitiesAdditional perks and benefits based upon your employment status and countryThe ability to choose where you work whether it be your home, the beach, or a WeWork At Deel, we're an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics."Please note that we will only communicate with our job applicants by using @deel.com domains. We will never contact applicants from any other email address. We will never ask for money from potential employees. Be cautious of any unauthorized solicitations. You may view the most current and accurate job postings at Deel by visiting https://www.deel.com/careers.
Data Analyst	Agap2 España	España (En remoto)	¿Te apasiona el mundo Data?¿Tienes experiencia como Data Analyst?Si te apetece seguir evolucionando en tu carrera profesional, esta oportunidad es para ti.Sobre el puesto:· Entre 2-5 años de experiencia demostrable como data analyst.· Buena metodología de análisis de requisitos para la creación de distintas iniciativas BI· Realización del análisis funcional y el diseño técnico de las soluciones· Extracción, análisis y tratamiento de múltiples orígenes de datos.· Diseño e implementación de dashboards.· Extracción de conclusiones y análisis.Valoramos:· Conocimientos en distintas herramientas de visualización de datos: Power BI, Tableau, Qlik...·Titulación universitaria o ciclo formativo en las áreas de informática, telecomunicaciones, matemáticas, estadística o similares.·Experiencia en SQL y python.Sobre ti:- Capacidad de trabajo en equipo.- Te apasionan las nuevas tecnologías y te interesa estar al día de estas.- Buscas un lugar estable donde poder desarrollar tu carrera profesional.- Te interesan los nuevos retos y seguir aprendiendo día a día.- Disfrutas del trabajo en equipo y compartir el día a día junto al equipo.¿Que obtienes a cambio?:- Dispondrás de flexibilidad horaria y teletrabajo.- Tendrás contratación indefinida desde el primer momento.- Dispondrás de retribución flexible, ticket restaurant y seguro médico.Si te interesa la oportunidad y conocer todos los detalles, no dudes en aplicar al puesto para que podamos contactarte y hablar mejor sobre la posición, darte todos los detalles y resolver cualquier duda que te pueda surgir.
Analista / Consultor BI con Ingles Alto	Kapres Technology	España (En remoto)	Para un importante cliente, Necesitamos Analista / Consultor BI con Ingles Alto, puesto estable de larga duración.El trabajo sería casi 100% remoto, pero al principio sí tendría que asistir presencialmente unos días para conocer al equipo y arrancar el servicio.Responsibilities and tasks:Help develop, support & maintain Finance systems and reporting  Supports country and HQ users with self-service reporting using Affidea BI OLAP cubes, and with the creation of Crystal or other ready-made reports Support country and HQ users with ad hoc reports, queries, and finance system related issues Supports controlling and FP&A teams in preparing reporting packages Supports mergers and acquisitions of companies in the accounting system, uploading and merging data Maintain, develop, support, and improve the Affidea master data and financial databases and systems including the new ERP system (SAP) Supports the daily sales processes, improving and simplifying related reporting Supports the Budgeting and Forecasting System (sERPa) Reconciliates and validates data consistency an integrity between systems Supports and maintains Affidea master data objects Work with the Finance function to identify pain points and inefficiencies, and create innovative software solutions to address these Guarantee that technical solutions are consistent, logical, elegant, as simple as possible, and sustainable in the long term Liaises with IT along with internal and external consultants on the above as necessary Requirements And ProfileQualifications:  University/College degree Advanced MS Office knowledge (Word, Excel, Power Point) Medium-Advanced tech skills in relevant technologies (SQL, SSAS, SSRS, ASP.Net, etc.) and the ability and motivation to learn others ERP (preferably SAP or iScala) knowledge Fluent English is a must Basic working knowledge of accounting and logistics Database management and reporting tools knowledge Crystal Reports knowledge is advantage. T-SQL language Minimum 5 year experience in systems support or database development area Power BI would be an advantage Experience:  4-6 years of relevant work experience Competencies: Customer/ Patient focus – 4 Teamwork - 4 Striving to achieve the results – 4 Analytical thinking – 3 Business orientation - 3
Business Intelligence / Data Analyst (m/f/d)	TecAlliance	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	Support our business unit Information Management in the (further) development of business intelligence solutions. You will work closely with internal colleagues and report directly to the lead of our business unit.Job Definition  Planning is key: Defining requirements and concepts for complex data analyses Manage projects: Take responsibility for the planning, conception and realization of business intelligence projects Up-to-date: Setting-up of various evaluations, analyses and reports and develop them further according to the changed requirements (standard reporting, unit reporting, ad-hoc reporting) e.g. further development of existing dashboards to increase the degree of automation and efficiency Ground the decision making: Support the preparation, cleansing and modeling of data for decision-making purposes Drive improvement: Continuously improving of the methods and technologies used Job Qualification Successfully completed studies in the field of IT or economics with a specialization in statistics or or completion of comparable trainingAt least 3 years of relevant professional experience in a similar fieldSound programming skills in R / Python as well as with SAS / SQL and confident handling of BI solutions, e.g. MS-Power-BIA structured and solution-oriented way of working is part of your basic repertoireVery good communication skills in Englisch, German or Dutch language skills are a plus
Senior Marketing Data Analyst (Spain Remote)	AirHelp	España (En remoto)	Are you passionate about Marketing and data analysis? Are you willing to make an impact supporting our Marketing team to take informed, data-driven decisions? Then join us as a Senior Marketing Data Analyst! Data is at the heart of everything we do, and we’re looking for a candidate to level-up our marketing team with bold data analysis and game-changing insights.You will be working with a seasoned and highly motivated, multi-cultural team of Data Engineers, DataOps, Data Scientists and Data Analysts spread across Europe. You will have the challenge of supporting business needs in a fast-changing environment and helping AirHelp reach the next level of data maturity.You will tightly work with the Marketing Team on developing relevant data models and generating valuable insights to boost our product portfolio. You will also be in charge of conducting advanced analysis through storytelling, developing appealing visualizations, and creating dashboards for relevant business stakeholders in the area.What you’ll do: Collaborate with marketing teams to identify opportunities for optimisation and growth, and develop data-driven strategies to improve performance.Collect, analyse, and interpret data related to marketing campaigns, website traffic, customer behaviour, customer journey, conversion funnel performance and other relevant marketing analysis.Support Marketing budget allocation through a deep understanding of marketing mix models, multi touchpoint attribution, etc.Partner with Data Engineers to redesign, implement, and monitor data models and data pipelines.Develop and maintain Marketing dashboards and visualisations to communicate key insights and recommend course of action to the marketing team. Ideally you’ll bring with you: Proven experience in a similar role in a fast-paced environment.Degree in quantitative sciences (Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, Physics or similar fields) or an equivalent. Proven experience in analysing and reporting marketing campaigns across various channels (paid search, social media, SEO, email, and affiliate marketing).Understanding of digital marketing technologies, such as Google Analytics, Google Marketing Platforms, Ad Managers (Bing, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Tik-tok) and CRM platforms.Strong knowledge in SQL like languages.Working experience on dbt modelling framework.Good experience in developing appealing visualisation in commercial BI tools (Looker, Tableau or similar).Proactivity and willingness to cover end-to-end the data lifecycle, from raw data to insights.Strong analytical skills with experience in data-driven decision making.Excellent spoken and written English. Nice to have: Knowledge of Python for data analysis (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, etc).Knowledge of data modeling and best practices related to analytical databases. Make a real impact on travelAt AirHelp, you will make a difference working with the world's largest organization specializing in air passenger rights. We support travelers around the world and help them get the compensation they deserve when their flight doesn't go according to the plan. We're a global, diverse team that helps make air travel better for all. In 10 years, we’ve helped 1.5 million people receive the compensation they were entitled to when their flight was delayed, canceled or diverted. We’re really proud of our 102k 5-star Trustpilot ratings.Perks and benefits: Internal training programs and knowledge-sharing eventsAccess to mindfulness and wellbeing platform (Mindgram).Personalized progression planLanguage classesLunch subsidy Flexible benefits: gym membership, personal education, childcare, public transportation, or leisure travel subsidyMacBook AirHybrid workspace (partially remote, partially from one of our offices in Barcelona, Gdańsk or Krakόw)Work from anywhere for 2 weeks a yearTeam daysEvents and parties Next steps: Video call with the RecruiterTechnical video call with Head of DataOnline meeting with the Data Team representativesVideo call with a VP of Marketing  AirHelp is, and always will be, an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.All of our offices are wheelchair accessible. We welcome applicants who have special needs and are happy to adjust our interview process to accommodate them. We invite refugees and displaced people to join our team, please submit your application in English and we look forward to hearing from you.Powered by JazzHRtLJza9TCPU
Senior Biostatistician - EU	Syneos Health	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	DescriptionJOB SUMMARYThis position is responsible for leading projects across multiple studies or programs. A Senior Biostatistician acts as the primary contact with the sponsor for all biostatistics related activities on assigned projects.Job Responsibilities Provides support across all assigned statistical tasks during the lifecycle of the project, from protocol to CSR.Prepares Statistical Analysis Plans (SAPs), including development of well-presented mock-up displays for tables, listings, and figures. Collaborate with the sponsor, if required.May be responsible for the statistical aspects of the protocol, generation of randomization schedule, publications and input to the clinical study report.Coordinates the activities of other biostatistics and statistical programming personnel on assigned projects to ensure timely completion of high quality work. Provides independent review of project work produced by other biostatisticians in the department.Creates or reviews programming specifications for analysis datasets, tables, listings, and figures.Reviews SAS annotated case report forms (CRFs), database design, and other study documentation to ensure protocol criteria are met and all data is captured as required to support a high quality database and the planned analysis.Conducts and participates in verification and quality control of project deliverables, ensuring that output meets expectations and is consistent with analysis described in SAP and specifications.Implements company objectives, and create alternative solutions to address business and operational challenges.Serves as biostatistics representative on project teams, interfacing as necessary with other departmental project team representatives. This would include preparing in advance for internal meetings, contributing ideas, and demonstrating respect for opinions of others. Manages scheduling and time constraints across multiple projects, sets goals based on priorities from management, adapts to timeline or priority changes by reorganizing daily workload, and proactively communicates to biostatistics management any difficulties with meeting these timelines.Monitors progress on study activities against agreed upon milestones and ensures the study timelines for project deliverables are met. Identifies out of scope tasks and escalate to management.Provides statistical programming support as needed.May participate in Data Safety Monitoring Board and/or Data Monitoring Committee activities, including charter development and serving as an independent non-voting biostatistician.May lead projects involving integrated analyses, attend regulatory agency meetings or respond to questions, as needed, to support the statistical analysis results of clinical trials on behalf of the sponsor.Follows applicable SOPs, WIs, and relevant regulatory guidelines (e.g. ICH).Maintains well organized, complete, and up-to-date project documentation, and verification/quality control documents and programs; ensuring inspection readiness.Displays willingness to work with others and assists with projects and initiatives as necessary to meet the needs of the business.Supports business development activities by contributing to proposals, budgets, and attending sponsor bid defense meetings.Coaches and mentors other Biostatistics staff.Performs other work-related duties as assigned. Minimal travel may be required. QualificationsQUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS Graduate degree in biostatistics or related discipline. Moderate experience in clinical trials or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Proficiency in programming. Ability to apply knowledge of statistical design, analysis, relevant regulatory guidelines, and programming techniques utilized in clinical research and to effectively communicate statistical concepts. Experience across all statistical tasks required to support clinical trials during the lifecycle of the project, from protocol to CSR.Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, speak, and understand English. “Syneos Health is an equal opportunity and inclusive employer and is committed to providing a workplace free of discrimination and harassment. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Syneos Health is willing to provide reasonable accommodations required for a medical condition or disability.”
Senior RWE Biostatistician	Metric Search	Europa, Oriente Medio y África (En remoto)	Metric Search is actively representing a well-established and growing Contract Research Organisation with the hiring of a Senior RWE Biostatistician to join their Biostatistics Function.Our client is a CRO that provide full-service support to biotech, pharmaceutical and medical device companies.As a member of the Biostatistics department within this CRO you will have the opportunity to work closesly with either one or multiple world class clients, provide statistical input for studies and lead a number of projects.We are looking for the ideal candidate to have at least 3+ years of industry experience to be considered for these opportunities.This is a perfect position for anyone who is looking to take that next step up from their current role and increase responsibilities, with a sustained growth path opening doors to even more senior roles and responsibilities in the not-too-distant future as they continue to grow.Your responsibilities: Provide Statistical Input for study design, clinical trial data analysis and observational studiesPerform Statistical AnalysisCreate Statistical Analysis Plans (SAPs)SAS ProgrammingOffer Lead trial support across at least one project Preferences & Requirements: Masters/PhD in Biostatistics/Statistics or related subject3+ years experience working as a StatisticianExperience working on Clinical trials or Observational studiesSAS Programming Experience Benefits to You: Excellent Compensation PackageWork/Life BalanceQuick ProgressionPay Rises based on performanceOpportunity to work with a world-class team and benefit from industry's best training and developmentChance to support global leading Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, and Medical Device Businesses Interested in hearing more?Please reach out at:E: mason.day@metric-search.comC: +1 646-814-0319
Senior Data Analyst	MyNextCompany	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Data Analyst experienced in Chemistry & Lab softwares11,5 months Freelance contract starting mid JanuaryFully remoteFor a market leader client I am currently looking for a Senior Data Analyst with Business Analyst experience in delivering Chemistry & Lab softwares (Electronic Lab Notebook, LIMS, etc).Your Responsibilities Work closely with the Product owner and business stakeholders to understand their needs, objectives, and challenges.Elicit, document, and analyse business requirements, use cases, and workflows.Translate business requirements into clear and concise functional specifications - acceptance criteria - to designers, quality analysts and developers in an Agile setting.Participate in system testing, user acceptance testing, and validation of implemented solutions.Ensure that delivered solutions meet the specified requirements and are of high quality.Participate in daily standup scrums, sprint planning meetings, sprint reviews and retrospectives.Actively follow the progress of the sprint to confirm implementation meets the intent of acceptance criteria. Essential Attributes  Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Information Technology, or a related field (Master's degree is a plus).Experience delivering Chemistry & Lab softwares (Eg. Electronic Lab Notebook, LIMS etc) 3+ years as a Business Analyst or in a related role.3+ years of software development experience in an Agile setting.Strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical-thinking skills.Proficiency in requirement gathering techniques, process modelling, and documentation.Excellent verbal / written communication and interpersonal skills.Expert in Excel or Gsheets & macros.Proficiency in using project management and collaboration tools (e.g., JIRA, Trello) is preferred.Strong organisational & time management skills, with a self-starting, entrepreneurial mindset.Proven ability to translate non-technical information into a technical level of detail that developers can work with.Fluent in English (proficient in French is preferred). Interested to join a leading company on a fully remote mission?Please send your CV (Word preferred) + Expected Daily rate ASAP.Thank you, no inmail please!
Business Intelligence Analyst	RED Global	Unión Europea (En remoto)	One of RED's global clients is looking for a Business Intelligence System Analyst to join their team. The successful client will be responsible for designing ETL processes (Data-Stage), Qlik-Sense models and dashboard and will lead end to end BI projects.  Project details:   Role: Business Intelligence System Analyst Start Date: January 2024 Duration: 6 months with opportunity of extending  Location: 100% remote Language: English  Desired skills:  +6 years’ experience in a business intelligence role +3 years’ experience as BI System Analyst in IT department Deep understanding of data quality, reporting, and data analysis techniques Experience working with DataStage and/or Qlik Sense Strong communication in English Leadership and experience leading a matrix team (developers, testers and business stakeholders) Extensive experience writing SQLIf you are interested in this role, please send me your updated CV, and the best time to contact you to discuss the role further.
INVESTIGADOR/A ÁMBITO TECNOLOGÍAS BIOLÓGICAS AMBIENTALES	Eurecat - Centro Tecnológico de Catalunya	Manresa, Cataluña, España (Híbrido)	La UT Agua, Aire y Suelo (WAS) de Eurecat desarrolla y optimiza tecnologías y procesos para mejorar la gestión del agua, el suelo y el aire, así como los recursos asociados. Realizamos proyectos de investigación, desarrollo e innovación con empresas, universidades, centros de investigación y administraciones de todos los sectores. Su principal objetivo es potenciar la sostenibilidad económica, ambiental y social de la sociedad.Utilizamos herramientas avanzadas de modelización y experimentación a diferentes escalas (laboratorio, planta piloto y escalera real) para desarrollar y validar nuevas tecnologías y aplicaciones de éstas. Trabajamos con un amplio abanico de tecnologías de tratamiento de contaminantes para limitar su liberación al medio natural, así como para la recuperación de recursos y apoyar la transición hacia una economía circular.Diseñamos proyectos y procedimientos experimentales a medida de las empresas, limitando el riesgo intrínseco de I+D+i mediante la implementación progresiva desde la conceptualización hasta la implementación, pasando por todas las etapas del desarrollo.La experiencia de la unidad de Agua, Aire y Suelos, combinada con las capacidades de las diferentes unidades tecnológicas de Eurecat, permite aportar soluciones para problemáticas complejas y específicas en un amplio abanico de sectores: el tratamiento de agua, químico, agroalimentario , farmacéutico o industrias de base y bienes de equipo, entre otros.Actualmente la UT WAS está en proceso de crecimiento sostenible y requiere un perfil de investigador para liderar el ámbito de las tecnologías biológicas en la UT. Se ofrece una posición con visión completa de los proyectos en los que intervienen tecnologías biológicas y que ayude a gestionar los recursos y definir la estrategia de la UT en este ámbito junto con el equipo de coordinación de la UT.Requisitos:Eurecat precisa para la UT WAS de un perfil de investigador/a para liderar el ámbito de las tecnologías biológicas en la UT.Se ofrece una posición con visión completa de los proyectos en los que intervienen tecnologías biológicas y que ayude a gestionar los recursos y definir la estrategia de la UT en este ámbito junto con el equipo de coordinación de la UT. Funciones y responsabilidades: Liderazgo del ámbito de tecnologías biológicas en la UT (Definición estrategia, soluciones tecnológicas, inversiones, etc.) Coordinación científica y ejecución de proyectos de I+D+i Vigilancia científica y tecnológica de bioprocesos por aplicación en el campo ambiental Identificación de oportunidades de proyectos con empresas y convocatorias públicas. Planificación, supervisión, ejecución y evaluación de tareas y resultados experimentales. Apoyo en la redacción de ofertas y memorias de nuevos proyectosFormación: Grado en Biotecnología, Biología, Ingeniería Química, Ingeniería Ambiental o similar y master en el ámbito de la tecnología ambiental. Se valorará Doctorado en el ámbito de procesos biológicos para el tratamiento y recuperación de recursos del agua, suelo y/o aire.Experiencia: Se requiere experiencia demostrable en proyectos de I+D+i en alguno de los siguientes ámbitos:  Tratamientos convencionales (lodos activos, balsas de aeración, etc.) Digestión anaeróbica (UASB, EGSB, producción de H2, etc.) Biorreactores (biomasa soportada, biofilms, biorreactores de membrana, biofiltración) Obtención biológica de productos de valor añadido. Eliminación biológica de nutrientes (anammox, EBPR, etc.) Tecnologías bioelectroquímicas: Microbial fuel cells, microbial desalination cells, etc. Procesos no bacterianos: microalgas, hongos, etc. Tratamientos enzimáticos Etc. Se valorará muy positivamente la coordinación de tareas o proyectos en alguno de estos ámbitos anteriores. Habilidades: Habilidades personales: Autonomía. Responsabilidad, Liderazgo, Autocrítica, Organización.Capacidad de trabajo autónomo y en equipo orientado a objetivos y resultados. Capacidad de trabajar en un entorno dinámico, involucrado en varios proyectos con fechas límite estrictas.Planificación y organización.Pensamiento crítico y resolución de problemas. Comunicación fluida escrita y hablada en inglés. Idiomas: Inglés Nivel Alto Castellano: Nivel AltoCatalán: Recomendable
Data Analyst	Carl Friedrik	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (Híbrido)	SummaryCarl Friedrik is a travel and leather goods brand challenging traditional luxury. We empower modern professionals in their day-to-day lives with our unique blend of timeless design, understated confidence and quality.Role descriptionWe are looking for a talented Data Analyst to play a key role in enhancing our business insights and decision-making processes. In this position, you will be responsible for analysing and interpreting data to provide valuable insights that drive strategic decisions. The focus will be on leveraging data to optimize various aspects of our businessWho you areYou are a dedicated, detail-oriented individual with a passion for working in a fast-paced and creative environment. If you are motivated to contribute to a team committed to excellence, innovation, and professional growth, we invite you to explore this exciting opportunity.Your responsibilities Providing cross-functional analytical and decision support services, including advanced reporting, enterprise data analysis, and data managementCollaborate with cross-functional teams, specifically Marketing and Operations, to understand business needs and develop data-driven solutionsUtilise statistical techniques to identify trends, patterns, and correlations in large datasetsDesign and maintain dashboards and reports to communicate key performance indicators Requirements 4+ years of experience as a Data Analyst or in a similar roleStrong analytical thinking, curiosity and proactive approach to problem-solvingExpert SQL knowledge (we use BigQuery)Good problem-solving skillsExperience with data visualisation tools (we use Tableau)Experience with statistical techniques for predictive analyticsYou are able to facilitate and navigate cross-team collaborationAbility to communicate complex results to less quantitatively sophisticated usersEasiness to conceptualise (including setting the right requirements in terms of Data & modelling capabilities) and extract insights from DataAbility to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment. More about Carl FriedrikWe are challenging the outdated practices that characterise the luxury industry. By selling direct-to-consumer, embracing sustainable materials and rejecting seasonal fashion, we are better positioned to serve our customer: the modern professional.Intelligent design is a crucial part of our ethos. Everyday accessories should be functional and a joy to use — form always follows function in our creative process.Accessories must also meet the demands of modern living. So we only collaborate with the finest materials and craftsmen. The result: products that last a lifetime.Carl Friedrik in the media New York Times: “Best refined briefcase for daily use: Carl Friedrik”Forbes: “The new king in the leather goods space”Featured in HBO’s Emmy award-winning drama, Succession. Benefits Competitive salary;Share options;Offices in premium co-working spaces in London and Barcelona;Flexible location, even remote;Annual company trip + frequent team social events;Join a fast-growing, agile and international team, passionate about innovation and making a difference. Start date: As soon as possible.
Data Analyst Intern	ZINIO	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (Híbrido)	ZINIO is looking for a Data Analyst intern at their Barcelona Office.  Our Data & Analytics Team has a big challenge and we need your help on: Building new reporting solutions: creating reports in Looker, modeling lookers LookML SQL layer, administering Looker’s environment and authorization model.Modeling the DaaS (data as a service) portal, adding the content for the different tiers, managing access and improving the look and feel.Implementing new ETL flows in pyspark (databricks).Investigating backend issues using databricks notebooks to run SQL queries.Managing AWS DMS service.Automating the existing file upload process of finance data.Automating the creation of new marketing feeds.Sharing your ideas and defend them within the team and help us deliver better data products. Things we expect you to be ready to use from day one: SQL and Python.Data architecture and design concepts.Great working spirit and willingness to embrace new challenges.Excellent troubleshooting skills.English working proficiency.  Things you will acquire over time working with us: Exposure to Spark.Experience in the AWS ecosystem.Knowledge general big data concepts.Awareness of CDC and streaming concepts and its implementation paradigms.General knowledge of the Data and Analytics tools and ecosystem. We offer great benefits including: Open space office in Barcelona with awesome views.Financial support for students.Free fruit and beverages.Free digital magazines.Fresh fruit, tea & good (unlimited) coffee. If you are interested, please apply sending a cover letter and CV in English with all data relevant to the position.By applying for this position, you accept the Candidate Privacy Policy
Online Data Analyst	TELUS International	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	We are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, e.g., verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpanishYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Why Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiativeRemote work & Location IndependenceBe your own bossFlexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyleBe a part of an online community TELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comIf you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us at sourcingteam89@telusinternational.ai
Online Data Analyst - Spain	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Description and RequirementsTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com We are hiring freelance English and Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.  This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task. Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English and SpanishYou must be living in Spain the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website information You must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance) Applicants must be 18 years or over.
Business Intelligence Consultant (IICS + Snowflake)	Capgemini Engineering	España (En remoto)	Hybrid Intelligence, a Capgemini Engineering team, is looking for a Business Intelligence Consultant (IICS + Snowflake) to join the team in Spain. You will provide analytics expertise to a highly talented team, while participating in the rapid growth and expansion of our client base.RequirementsTo succeed in this role, you should have: More than two years of experience in DS projects with ETL, using Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (IICS) It will valued real experience in Cloud Environment (Especially with SNOWFLAKE Cloud) About UsAs a member of the Hybrid Intelligence team of Capgemini Engineering, you will work on a variety of innovative and rewarding projects that make a difference. Our work is a fusion of applied mathematics, scientific computing, AI, and software engineering. We deliver ground-breaking, multi-disciplinary solutions for our R&D-driven clients tackling humanity’s generational challenges, from discovering new drug treatments to harnessing green energy.We are dedicated to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We appreciate individuals for who they are and value the diversity they bring to the workplace.Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. It is a multicultural company of over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries.What we offer? Permanent working contractRemote working.Flexible schedule + intensive workday on Fridays and in summer (Two months)Social benefits package (private medical insurance, life and accident insurance paid by the company, Gympass, Life -employment and family assistance company-, etc).Flexible remuneration (transport ticket, restaurant ticket, nursery, training, extend health insurance to your family...)Ongoing technical, skills and language training (free English classes for all employees)Annual performance evaluations. Professional development plan, based on your experience and future potential, adapted to you, with both horizontal and vertical growth. Our commitment to inclusion and equal opportunities means that we have an Equality Plan and a Code of Ethics that guarantee the professional development of the workforce and equal opportunities in their selection within an environment free of discrimination based on ethnicity, nationality, social origin, age, sexual orientation, gender expression, religion or any other personal, physical or social circumstance.
Senior Data Analyst (Power BI) & AWS Services (S3/Redshift)	Bluetab, an IBM Company	España (En remoto)	Bluetab, an IBM Company. certificados ¡Great Place to Work & Best Work to Place! como una de las mejores compañías para trabajar.Una compañía muy techie que nos ha llevado a ser el brazo fuerte de IBM en Data, Cloud, ML & IA y donde, para empresas clave de diversos sectores, ayudamos a acelerar y optimizar estrategias en plataformas de datos y en la nube, sacando al máximo las ventajas de su arquitectura y entornos de desarrollo.Como Senior Data Analyst en Power BI buscamos que te manejes con soltura en:  Manejo de herramientas de reporting: Power BI (Configuración de Cuadros de Mando).Conocimiento de DAX y M.SQL.Modelado y optimización de Datos.Desarrollo de ETL's tanto en crudo como con herramientas de Mercado.Conocimientos de entorno AWS (especialmente en Redshift)  Nivel alto de inglés por proyecto internacional. Ahora viene lo bueno por ser bluetaber… ¿Qué ofrecemos? Contrato indefinido y un salario acorde al rol y de mercado competitivo (30K-45K, dependiendo de la experiencia y conocimiento).  La pregunta estrella. ¿Teletrabajo? Sí, Teletrabajo flexible. A tu entera disposición tendrás también las Oficinas ubicadas en el centro de Madrid con muy buena conexión.  Horarios flexibles de entrada/salida, adaptado a tus necesidades personales y jornada intensiva los viernes y los meses de verano, julio y agosto.23 días de vacaciones + 2 Bluetab days (nochebuena y nochevieja).  Tarjeta restaurant como beneficio social más allá del salario.Seguro médico & póliza dental con una amplia cobertura también como beneficio social más allá del salario.Disponibilidad además de plan de retribución flexible: Transporte + Guardería.  Formación continua gamificada a través del plan rewards, con más de 1000 cursos y certificaciones oficiales.Además, tendrás a tu alcance el programa Career Coach para acompañarte en todo lo relativo a tu desarrollo y crecimiento dentro de Bluetab, con un sistema objetivo de evaluación continua.¡Tú serás el dueño de tu crecimiento!Regalo de cumpleaños. Tarjeta Amazon por importe de 50€ para que sea un día especial. Consideramos que la diversidad es enriquecedora y queremos velar por la inclusión e igualdad de oportunidades, por lo que contamos con un Plan de Igualdad y un Código Ético que recoge estos principios para garantizar la no discriminación de nuestras colaboradoras y colaboradores por cuestión de raza, color, nacionalidad, origen social, edad, sexo, estado civil, orientación sexual, ideología, opiniones políticas, religión o cualquier otra condición personal, física o social.Si te apasiona la tecnología y quieres disfrutar en un entorno innovador y 100% tecnológico, Bluetab, an IBM Company es tu sitio.¡Te esperamos!#wearehiring #bluetabanibmcompany #bluetabers
Junior Data Analyst (Remote Internship - Data Analysis)	TalentKompass Deutschland	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	LOCATION: Remote WorkSCHEDULE: Part-timeAre you an aspiring data analyst seeking an unparalleled opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working with a prestigious Management Consulting firm? TalentKompass Deutschland, a leading Human Resources company based in Germany, is searching for a highly motivated Data Analysis Intern to join our esteemed client. This remote position offers a unique chance for someone passionate about data analysis and eager to learn in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.As a Data Analysis Intern, you will work closely with the analytics and consulting teams, where you will be responsible for a range of tasks, including data collection, data cleaning, and statistical analysis. You will have the extraordinary opportunity to learn from experienced professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance throughout the internship. With this internship, you will gain valuable experience in data analysis, data visualization, and teamwork - all essential skills for a successful career in this field.Responsibilities: Collect, clean, and analyze data from various sources to support consulting projectsAssist in the development of data models and statistical analysis to identify trends and insightsCollaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze dataCreate data visualizations and dashboards using tools such as Tableau or Power BIPresent findings and insights to the consulting team and contribute to project reportsParticipate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas for data-driven solutionsSupport the team with general administrative tasks as needed Requirements: Strong analytical and problem-solving skillsProficient in Microsoft Excel or other data analysis toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills in EnglishFamiliarity with data analysis principles and practicesAbility to work independently and as part of a teamStrong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyKnowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques is a plusExperience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI is a plus At TalentKompass Deutschland, we are committed to helping our interns develop their skills and reach their full potential. Our client is a reputable Management Consulting firm that will provide invaluable experience in a competitive industry. Don't miss this fantastic opportunity to grow your career in data analysis - apply now!
WORK FROM HOME - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comJob descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationApplicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Power BI Consultant	Winid Spain	España (En remoto)	Winid es una empresa que cambia las reglas del juego y sitúa la búsqueda de talento en el centro de su modelo de negocio.Creemos firmemente que las personas con talento son el elemento crucial para el éxito de las organizaciones. Lo entendemos como Talento Aumentado, poniendo la tecnología y la IA al servicio de las personas.Nuestro objetivo es alcanzar la excelencia en la captación, formación y equipamiento de los mejores consultores de adquisición de talento a nivel global.En Winid estamos trabajando para llevar el mejor talento a un Gold Partner de Microsoft, referente en España y que cuenta con oficinas en Barcelona, Madrid, Sevilla, Valencia y Bilbao. Su misión es crear e implementar diferentes soluciones para los principales sectores: industrial, distribución, servicios, construcción, alimentación, fabricación y retail entre otros.Cuentan con varias líneas de negocio, implantación de ERP y CRM, desarrollo de proyectos de Power BI, Sistemas, Cloud y seguridad.Descripción del puesto: Formarás parte de un equipo especializado en proyectos de Business Intelligence con herramientas Microsoft.Tendrás oportunidad de desarrollar tus conocimientos en Power BI y su lenguaje DAX, además de SQL y Power Query.Implantarás Power BI a diferentes clientes de la compañía. Requisitos: Experiencia con Power BI y conocimientos en DAX, SQL y Power Query.Disponibilidad para realizar viajes ocasionales a cliente dentro del territorio nacional.Graduado en informática o semejantes, y formación empresarial o contableNivel de inglés medio-alto.Se valorarán los conocimientos de SQL Server Analysis Services, Multidimensional y Tabular. También los conocimientos en MDX, C# y .Net.Experiencia en diseño de informes con SQL Server Reporting Services.Experiencia en Excel, Power Pivot.Se valorarán conocimientos de otras herramientas de BI.Se valorarán certificaciones actualizadas de Microsoft.Conocimientos en Dynamics 365 Business Central (NAV), F&O (AX), CRM.Conocimientos de SAP, Salesforce u otros ERP y CRM Que ofrecemos: Modelo de trabajo hibrido flexible.Plan de carrera personalizado y revisión salarial periódica.Formaciones y certificaciones oficiales por parte de la compañíaClases de inglés gratuitasSeguro médicoOportunidades de crecimiento vertical y horizontal dentro de la compañía
Senior Game Data Analyst - Tarboosh Games	Voodoo	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps. With 7 billion downloads and over 150 million monthly active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta.The company is one of the most impressive examples of hypergrowth in the ecosystem, having raised over $1B and backed by Goldman Sachs, Tencent, and GBL.Voodoo is now a team of over 750 employees worldwide, we’re looking for talented individuals from across the globe to come and entertain the world with us.TeamOur Gaming team is made up of hybrid-casual, casual and mid-core experts. Our 'Core' games team supports internal and external studios worldwide in creating, developing and launching new hit games, whilst our 'Live' games team focuses on delivering higher engagement on our existing and successful games.Joining our Live games team means collaborating with gaming industry experts on globally renowned, enduring games, while embracing exciting new entrepreneurial ventures. With over seven billion downloads worldwide and a portfolio of more than 10 resilient hybrid games generating more than $20m per year, we are the largest and most successful hybrid publisher in the world.You will join Tarboosh, a middle east-based studio, acquired by Voodoo in 2022 . With titles like Collect Em All , generating 45M$ revenue in 2023, Tarboosh strives to create chart-topping hybrid-casual games.Being part of the Tarboosh team means working with established experts from the casual gaming industry on fun, durable games, with communities of players across the globe, and taking on cutting-edge entrepreneurial projects in mobile gaming.RoleWe are looking for a Senior or Lead Data Analyst with a proven track record contributing to the improvement of casual games, in particular puzzle games. You will be leading all analytics efforts to bring our flagship game Collect Em All to the next level of success.Profile At least 4 years of analytical work experience in the gaming, tech or data-driven industry, with a proven track record working in close connection with product teams. At least 2 years of experience working on a puzzle game (product side).Proficient with SQL and either R or Python, with proven experience working with large and complex data sets. Good knowledge of statistical analysis and concepts used for industry-standard methods like AB testing.Autonomous person with a strong analytical mind, problem-solving skills and strong attention to detail.Ability to understand a business problem, turn it into an analytics/statistics problem and solve it using adequate methods.Highly pragmatic mindset with the ability to quickly identify what needs to be focused on and what can be considered of lower priority.Capacity to be the pro-active owner of the entire data chain for your game(s) Benefits: The position is fully remote, with a preference for candidates in European time zones. We offer a competitive salary based on the candidate’s experience, along with other benefits according to the country of residence.Voodoo just won the award for Best Office Space in France
Spanish Speaker - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comJob descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationApplicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Digital Data Analyst	Garaje de ideas	España (En remoto)	Lo que buscamos es…Un/a Digital Data Analyst con, al menos, 5 años de experiencia en Google Analytics, que conozca GA4, para unirse al equipo de Data en proyecto con uno de nuestros clientes internacionales, liderando la estrategia de analítica de su web comercial.Y en concreto, esto es lo que harás: Dirigir la estrategia de análisis digital proporcionando información, informes y dashboards a las distintas partes interesadas, que faciliten la toma de decisiones y ayuden a comprender el rendimiento de las distintas actividades comerciales en el ecosistema digital.Generación de insights y recomendaciones para el rendimiento de las campañas con importante foco en la actividad de conversión, trabajando con expertos en CRO y PersonalizaciónDefinir la estrategia para la correcta implementación de las herramientas de análisis digital como Google Analytics, Microsoft Clarity, BigQuery, etc.Asegurar una mejora continua de la herramienta para exprimir todas las capacidades.Evangelización interna de la disciplina desde el uso de herramientas hasta aplicaciones de casos reales. Para eso, necesitamos que tengas experiencia en… Traducir datos complejos en mensajes sencillos, trasladables a personas que no sean tan expertas en analítica como tú.Proyectos internacionales, por lo que necesitaremos que puedas desenvolverte en inglés a nivel escrito y leído. Y si puedes tener una charla fluida, mejor :)Conocimientos sobre Tag Management Systems (Google Tag Manager, Tealium, etc.)Experiencia en modelos de atribución, entendiendo cómo se comporta el usuario según el canal de adquisición web y cómo funcionan las diferentes herramientas de captación de tráfico (Google Ads, Meta, Google Search…).Conocimiento del ecosistema del Marketing Digital - disciplinas y herramientas - ej. Personalización, CRO, DMP, CDPConocimiento en proyectos con BigQuery, desde la optimización de consultas hasta la implementación de soluciones analíticas eficientes, destacándose en la gestión y transformación efectiva de grandes conjuntos de datos para impulsar decisiones estratégicas. En Garaje nos gustan las personas que…Se enorgullecen de su trabajo, dan lo mejor de sí mismas, se divierten siempre, son valientes y se arriesgan, aprenden de los errores y aman lo que hacen.Nuestra actitud se define por la pasión con la que nos involucramos en nuestros proyectos, la empatía y cercanía que mostramos hacia nuestros clientes, y nuestra ambición de ir más allá de lo correcto.En Garaje...Somos | No somos:➔ Somos humildes y cercanos [pero no serviles ni simplistas]➔ Somos apasionados y expertos [pero no abrumadores ni pretenciosos]➔ Somos makers con propósito [pero no meros hacedores o gurús]➔ Somos valientes y consecuentes [pero no insensatos o irresponsables]➔ Somos autoexigentes [pero no bloqueantes]Y las ventajas con las que contarás son: Contrato indefinido: Queremos que te sientas parte de Garaje y que puedas crecer con nosotros a largo plazo.Flexibilidad horaria: Tenemos horario flexible para que puedas adaptar tu jornada laboral a tu vida personal. Puedes ajustar tanto tu hora de entrada como de salida según las dinámicas y necesidades de conciliación, equipo y proyecto. Y en verano podrás disfrutar de jornada intensiva.Trabaja desde donde quieras y ven a cualquiera de nuestras oficinas siempre que quieras.Seguro médico con Adeslas: Accede al seguro de Garaje con beneficios fiscales. Además, puedes incluir a tu pareja e hijos. Sin copagos, carencias ni cuestionarios.Retribución flexible: Ahorra en IRPF dedicando parte de tu salario a ticket restaurante, transporte y guardería.26 días de descanso: Descansa con 23 días de vacaciones y festivos regionales. Además, te concedemos 2 días adicionales libres en Navidad y en tu cumpleaños para celebrar momentos especiales.Incentivos: Trae nuevos clientes o empleados a Garaje y te pagamos por ello. ¡Sé parte del crecimiento!Cultura de la transparencia: Creemos en la comunicación abierta y compartimos periódicamente la situación y objetivos de la compañía en nuestros All Hands, newsletter..G-Book: Nuestro oráculo. En Garaje, tenemos una guía en Notion que resuelve todo tipo de dudas. Allí, puedes encontrar respuestas a preguntas que van desde cómo solicitar días libres y conocer quién es quién, hasta cómo preparar una guía de prueba, plantillas corporativas para entregables o presentaciones de proyectos similares como referencia... ¡No te sentirás perdido!Eventos y dinámicas frecuentes: Compartimos conocimiento y aprendizajes de los proyectos constantemente. Como nos gusta pasar tiempo juntos, también organizamos eventos informales para conocernos mejor y divertirnos como equipo.Bono de 500€: Incentivamos tu desarrollo profesional con un bono de 500€ para que inviertas en formación, aprendizaje de idiomas, libros o eventos del sector.Entorno de alto crecimiento: Evoluciona tu carrera en Garaje y trabaja en equipos multidisciplinarios de Diseño, Data, Growth y Tecnología, creando experiencias, servicios y productos con impacto para grandes clientes como Vodafone, BBVA, Endesa, Banco Santander, Inditex, Telefónica, Adeslas, Repsol, IKEA, Legálitas, RBI y Grupo Dani García. Ser parte del equipo de Garaje significa tener la oportunidad de contribuir a la creación de experiencias, servicios y productos con un impacto significativo.Trabajarás entendiendo la data como una disciplina siempre ligada a todas las fases de diseño y desarrollo de producto, sentando bases sólidas en visualización, personalización y optimización para mejorar la experiencia de usuario y facilitar la toma de decisiones. ¿Qué pasará ahora?Si te suena bien, haz click en “solicitar”, ¡estamos esperando tu candidatura con ganas!Si tu perfil encaja con lo que estamos buscando, nos pondremos en contacto contigo pronto para coordinar una primera llamada telefónica de acercamiento. Si avanzas, conocerás a alguien del equipo.
Junior Data Analyst (Remote Internship - Data Analysis)	TalentKompass Deutschland	La Palma de Cervelló, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	LOCATION: Remote WorkSCHEDULE: Part-timeAre you an aspiring data analyst seeking an unparalleled opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working with a prestigious Management Consulting firm? TalentKompass Deutschland, a leading Human Resources company based in Germany, is searching for a highly motivated Data Analysis Intern to join our esteemed client. This remote position offers a unique chance for someone passionate about data analysis and eager to learn in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.As a Data Analysis Intern, you will work closely with the analytics and consulting teams, where you will be responsible for a range of tasks, including data collection, data cleaning, and statistical analysis. You will have the extraordinary opportunity to learn from experienced professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance throughout the internship. With this internship, you will gain valuable experience in data analysis, data visualization, and teamwork - all essential skills for a successful career in this field.Responsibilities: Collect, clean, and analyze data from various sources to support consulting projectsAssist in the development of data models and statistical analysis to identify trends and insightsCollaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze dataCreate data visualizations and dashboards using tools such as Tableau or Power BIPresent findings and insights to the consulting team and contribute to project reportsParticipate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas for data-driven solutionsSupport the team with general administrative tasks as needed Requirements: Strong analytical and problem-solving skillsProficient in Microsoft Excel or other data analysis toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills in EnglishFamiliarity with data analysis principles and practicesAbility to work independently and as part of a teamStrong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyKnowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques is a plusExperience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI is a plus At TalentKompass Deutschland, we are committed to helping our interns develop their skills and reach their full potential. Our client is a reputable Management Consulting firm that will provide invaluable experience in a competitive industry. Don't miss this fantastic opportunity to grow your career in data analysis - apply now!
Business Intelligence Consultant	Lognext	España (En remoto)	OGNEXT es una consultora IT con más de 15 años de experiencia. Nos caracteriza nuestra cercanía, nuestro espíritu de equipo y el interés continuo por el desarrollo y crecimiento de todos los que componemos el #equipolognext.Contamos con la confianza de los mejores clientes para proporcionar profesionales altamente calificados que vehiculizan la innovación en los mejores proyectos. Formarás parte de proyectos retadores e internacionales, estarás trabajando con equipos multidisciplinares y multiculturales.Estamos buscamos a un Consultor BI Junior para incorporar en uno de nuestros mas importantes clientes.¿Cuáles serán tus principales funciones?: Gestión de peticiones de servicio en Remedy y Jira. Implica asignación a su dueño.Ejecución de los workorders asignados a el/ella.Gestión de incidencias con triaje previo o desvío al responsable del dominio.Resolución de incidencias no complejas.Documentación de resolución de incidencias.Seguimiento de incidencias y workorders en el chapter.Coordinación con la responsable del Servicio. ¿Qué estamos buscando?: Conocimientos de SQLSe valora experiencia en alguna de estas tecnologías (SAP IQ, SAP DS, PowerBI, Snowflake)Autonomía en el desempeño de su trabajo (tanto en el plano técnico como en el de toma de requisitos a negocio)Facilidad para innovar y adaptarse a nuevas tecnologías. Excelentes habilidades de comunicación y trabajo en equipo. Buen nivel de inglésFluidez en inglés. ¿Qué ofrecemos?: Contrato indefinido vía LognextPlan de retribución flexibleFormación profesional: Apostamos por la formación continua de nuestros empleados.Modalidad Full Remote Si quieres trabajar de la mano de los mejores profesionales, ¡ÉSTA ES TU EMPRESA!En Lognext creemos que en la multiculturalidad existe una fuente de valores, experiencias y conocimiento, que aportan valor añadido a nuestros proyectos es por ello por lo que creemos en la diversidad y estamos comprometidos con ella. Trabajamos día a día para crear entornos en los que se trate con respeto y dignidad sin importar de donde vengas, no discriminamos por motivos de raza, religión o creencias, etnia, discapacidad, edad, nacionalidad, estado civil, orientación sexual o género
WORK FROM HOME - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com Job descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in Spain .Being open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Data Analyst (SAS & SQL) - German Speaker / Spain Remote	IQVIA	España (En remoto)	Join us on our exciting journey!We are recruiting a new team member to join us at our Madrid Center of Excellence office! We are looking for a Data Analyst with knowledge of statistical programming (SAS preferred) and fluent in German language.You will work in the Real-World Solutions (RWS) department within the regional business unit. The team comprises over 80+ data analysts/consultants with various capabilities in real-world evidence, epidemiology, market access and health economics.As part of a project team, you will run analyses and oversee the deliverables of projects for our top clients in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. You will work closely with the project manager: Performing strategic analyses (recurrent and ad hoc) to derive trends, conclusions, and actionable recommendations for clients on qualitative and quantitative data, including longitudinal patient and prescription datasetsEvaluating secondary data on markets, physicians, pharmacists, patients, and competitive productsWorking in close collaboration with our top pharma client’s business intelligence unitsCreating reports, presentations, and other client deliverables If you want to play a key role in a multicultural, dynamic and committed team this could be the role for you!Our ideal candidate: Skills & other requirements Completed degree in life sciences, public health, health economics, (bio)informatics, mathematics, statistics, epidemiology, or a comparable field of study.Relevant experience in data analysis, biostatistics, or epidemiology & excellent knowledge of at least one statistical programming language.Programming in SAS or knowledge in the analysis of healthcare data is a plus.Strong analytical skills and quality, customer- and solution- oriented way of working.Confident in German and English client conversations; strong communicative skills, orally and in writing.Team player, able to integrate in an international and multidisciplinary team.Confident use with Office tools, in particular Excel and PowerPoint.Ability to work independently and organize analytical tasks as part of a project team. Knowledge or experiences in the following areas are appreciated: Programming in SASSQL programmingDatabase studiesExperience in data mining and the application of SQL, or other common databases and software toolsExperience in the pharmaceutical or life sciences industryBig data We invite you to join IQVIA™IQVIA™ is a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions and clinical research services to the life sciences industry. We believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. Learn more at https://jobs.iqvia.comIQVIA™ is an equal opportunity employer. We make employment decisions based on qualifications and merit. We prohibit discrimination based on any unlawful consideration such as age, race, national origin, gender or other "protected status“.#ESPH-3463
Senior Data Analyst - Spain Remote	Vista	España (En remoto)	Our TeamVista’s Engineering organization is working to make our company one of the world’s most well-known and successful data-driven companies. The cross-functional team includes analysts, product owners, technologists, data engineers, and more – all passionate about providing Vista with information and tools we can use to deliver jaw-dropping customer value. Engineering team members are empowered to learn new skills, communicate openly, and be active problem-solvers. Find out more at https://vista.io/The Promo Optimization team is dedicated to streamlining data accessibility and minimizing effort for our Promo Strategy and Marketing partners. We focus on developing cutting-edge machine learning solutions that enhance data-driven decision-making, enabling stakeholders to deliver targeted and impactful promotions, delighting our customers with tempting offers. Our team is dedicated to creating essential tools that empower our marketing teams to precisely gauge campaign performance and the true incremental impact of that campaign.As a Senior Analyst in this role, you'll be a crucial part of improving our ability to understand how well our promotional campaigns are doing. You'll create easy-to-understand visuals to help us see the results more clearly. With this data and these visuals, you'll develop the idea of improving and automating our campaign processes. Your work will involve experimenting, checking how they perform, and digging deep into our campaign data to find new ideas to test and valuable insights to use.What You Will Do  Translate the sophisticated into the simple and concrete. Through data exploration, visualization, and storytelling, you will identify trends and drivers from our extensive data sets and identify new priority focal areas that lead to better customer experiences and business outcomes; Take the lead on running end-to-end experimentation. We see our experimentation practice as cyclical – we take insights or outcomes from past experiments or data points, build hypotheses, design new tests to build upon this knowledge, and then evaluate to generate further hypotheses and insights; In our dynamic data product team, you'll collaborate closely with Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Promotion Strategists/Specialists, and other D Data Analysts. Together, we're dedicated to crafting groundbreaking tools that improve the measurement and efficiency of promotional campaigns. You will, however, also be part of our analytics community, where you can draw upon analytics standard methodologies and collaborate with other like-minded analysts; RoleJoin our team and contribute to impactful projects. Here are a few examples of the initiatives we're working on, and you'll play a crucial role in supporting them:  Identify reusable campaigns based on the true incremental impact of previous campaigns; Build user-friendly, diligent analytics tools to streamline promotion campaign planning and suggest the best discounts for maximum efficiency; Create experiments to test a personalized promotion campaign and determine the impact of these campaigns. Your Qualifications  2+ years in an analytics environment to drive important business /customer impact; Proficient in SQL queries data visualization experience (ideally in Looker, Tableau, Power BI, or similar); Skilled in exploratory analysis and statistical techniques, driven to find meaningful patterns and trends in the data; Strong problem-solving skills (ability to translate a business ask into a very concrete question and break it into important analyses); Compelling communication (articulate your message clearly based on your audience). At Vista, we are striving to hire individuals that add new ideas and perspectives to our teams and enhance our culture.No matter your background or work experience, we strongly encourage you to apply — even if you feel that you don’t meet the exact requirements or have the same qualifications.You might be a great candidate for this or other opportunities.Nice To Have  Knowledge of Python; Experience with Optimizely, Statsig, or similar experimentation tools; Experience in designing/monitoring and analyzing experiments (A/B, multi-variant, Bayesian, multi-arm-bandit) using statistical rigor and able to guide collaborators on accurately interpreting the test results. Why You'll Love Working HereThere is a lot to love about working at Vista. We are an award winning Remote-First company. We’re an inclusive community. We’re growing (which means you can too).And to help orient us all in the same direction, we have our Vista Behaviors which exemplify the behavioral attributes that make us a culturally strong and high performing team.About UsVista is the design and marketing partner to millions of small businesses around the world. For over 20 years we’ve been inspired by small businesses, and we work incessantly to deliver solutions to their evolving needs. VistaCreate, 99designs by Vista and VistaPrint, all under the parent brand Vista, represents a full-service design, digital and print solution, elevating small businesses’ presence in physical and digital spaces and powering them to achieve success. Vista is focused on making great marketing and design accessible to every small business owner, allowing them to create a cohesive brand image for use in-store, online and on-the-go.Commitment To Diversity, Equity, & InclusionVista exists to help our customers live their dreams. Each dream is unique – and the Vista team needs to be as well. We believe in the unique contributions of everyone within a diverse global organization. We are collaborative, inclusive, and innovative. We strive to role model and live an inclusive culture of fairness, respect and belonging for all. And we work together to empower each other, creating a space in which each of us can spark our next great idea.Equal Opportunity EmployerVista, a Cimpress company, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national or ethnic origin, nationality, age, religion, citizenship, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender presentation, legal or preferred name, marital status, pregnancy, family structure, veteran status or any other basis protected by human rights laws or regulations. This list is not exhaustive and, in fact, in many cases, we strive to do more than the law requires.
Key Expert II: Data analyst in transport sector, Spain	NTU International A/S	España (En remoto)	NTU International as the consortium leader is invited to participate in the tender procedure for the JASPERS - Strategic Transport Planning on the Spanish TEN-T nodes.This project will start in January 2024 and the period of implementation of the Assignment will be 15 months from this date.Qualifications and skills☝️ General professional experience: At least a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering, Data Science, Telecommunications, Transport Engineering, Economics or equivalent. ☝️ Professional experience: At least 10 years of professional experience in data analysisDesirable: 5 years of professional experience in data analysis in the transport sectorExperience in developing data analysis in the transport sector based on big data (at least 3) ☝️ Other skills: Proficiency level of both English and Spanish is a minimum requirement. If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply and upload your CV via LinkedIn. Due to the large number of applicants, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.⏰ !!!!! Deadline: 02 December 2023To express interest, please apply and enclose your CV.Please note that only selected candidates will be contacted due to the large amount of applicants.
(Part Time Job)Online Data Analyst - Spain	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Description and RequirementsTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com We are hiring freelance English and Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.  This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task. Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English and SpanishYou must be living in Spain the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website information You must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance) Applicants must be 18 years or over.  Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks. Why Join the TELUS International AI Community?  Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiative Remote work & Location IndependenceBe your own boss Flexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyle Be a part of an online community Additional Job Description We are hiring freelance English & Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst’s for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography. EEO Statement At TELUS International, we enable customer experience innovation through spirited teamwork, agile thinking, and a caring culture that puts customers first. TELUS International is the global arm of TELUS Corporation, one of the largest telecommunications service providers in Canada. We deliver contact center and business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions to some of the world's largest corporations in the consumer electronics, finance, telecommunications and utilities sectors. With global call center delivery capabilities, our multi-shore, multi-language programs offer safe, secure infrastructure, value-based pricing, skills-based resources and exceptional customer service - all backed by TELUS, our multi-billion dollar telecommunications parent.
Lead Data Analyst	Garaje de ideas	España (En remoto)	Lo que buscamos es…Una persona con expertise en Analítica Digital con Adobe que entienda todo el ciclo de vida del dato. Será la persona responsable de liderar el Hub de analítica de Adobe, la estrategia de los proyectos y la interlocución con clientes, trabajando mano a mano con el responsable de Data.Nos gustaría que esta persona nos ayudara a expandir el conocimiento de la disciplina de forma transversal entre diferentes equipos, a evolucionarlo y que nos posicione como referencia por su capacidad de innovación y su delivery.Y en concreto, esto es lo que harás: Liderar el Hub de analítica de Adobe en Garaje para diferentes clientes.Definir la estrategia y estructura del etiquetado, medición, dashboards, analítica y testing así como el equipo de integraciones necesaria.Identificación y creación de KPIs digitales, fichas de tests, análisis y seguimiento de resultados de los cambios aplicados.Interlocutar con cliente de forma frecuente y directa, convirtiéndote en su partner.Liderar proyectos de analítica, liderando, por un lado, la parte técnica, y por otro gestionando al equipo y a la cuenta.Coordinar a los equipos técnicos de los proyectos y propiciar un ambiente de trabajo positivo y exigente que genere buenas experiencias y un alto rendimiento.Trabajar y colaborar con especialistas en analítica, UX, UI, desarrollo, etc.Participar en proyectos nacionales e internacionales.  Para eso, necesitamos que tengas experiencia en… Experiencia en Analítica web con Adobe, transformando los objetivos de negocio en soluciones de optimización.Conocimiento profundo de la suite de Adobe, así como trabajando en la estrategia de recolección de los datos y análisis.Te desenvuelvas con herramientas de behavioral analytics, como Amplitude.Conocimiento de herramientas de BI para explotación y visualización de datos.Hayas trabajado en proyectos con otros países, para lo que deberás desenvolverte en inglés como pez en el agua.Sepas traducir datos complejos en mensajes sencillos, trasladables a personas que no sean tan expertas en analítica como tú.Seas una persona analítica, organizada y autónoma.Te orientes a la detección de problemas y solución de los mismos.Tengas buenas dotes de comunicación, proactividad y actitud positiva. En Garaje nos gustan las personas que…Se enorgullecen de su trabajo, dan lo mejor de sí mismas, se divierten siempre, son valientes y se arriesgan, aprenden de los errores y aman lo que hacen.Nuestra actitud se define por la pasión con la que nos involucramos en nuestros proyectos, la empatía y cercanía que mostramos hacia nuestros clientes, y nuestra ambición de ir más allá de lo correcto.En Garaje...Somos | No somos:➔ Somos humildes y cercanos [pero no serviles ni simplistas]➔ Somos apasionados y expertos [pero no abrumadores ni pretenciosos]➔ Somos makers con propósito [pero no meros hacedores o gurús]➔ Somos valientes y consecuentes [pero no insensatos o irresponsables]➔ Somos autoexigentes [pero no bloqueantes]Y las ventajas con las que contarás son: Contrato indefinido: Queremos que te sientas parte de Garaje y que puedas crecer con nosotros a largo plazo.Flexibilidad horaria: Tenemos horario flexible para que puedas adaptar tu jornada laboral a tu vida personal. Puedes ajustar tanto tu hora de entrada como de salida según las dinámicas y necesidades de conciliación, equipo y proyecto. Y en verano podrás disfrutar de jornada intensiva.Trabaja desde donde quieras y ven a cualquiera de nuestras oficinas siempre que quieras.Seguro médico con Adeslas: Accede al seguro de Garaje con beneficios fiscales. Además, puedes incluir a tu pareja e hijos. Sin copagos, carencias ni cuestionarios.Retribución flexible: Ahorra en IRPF dedicando parte de tu salario a ticket restaurante, transporte y guardería.26 días de descanso: Descansa con 23 días de vacaciones y festivos regionales. Además, te concedemos 2 días adicionales libres en Navidad y en tu cumpleaños para celebrar momentos especiales.Incentivos: Trae nuevos clientes o empleados a Garaje y te pagamos por ello. ¡Sé parte del crecimiento!Cultura de la transparencia: Creemos en la comunicación abierta y compartimos periódicamente la situación y objetivos de la compañía en nuestros All Hands, newsletter..G-Book: Nuestro oráculo. En Garaje, tenemos una guía en Notion que resuelve todo tipo de dudas. Allí, puedes encontrar respuestas a preguntas que van desde cómo solicitar días libres y conocer quién es quién, hasta cómo preparar una guía de prueba, plantillas corporativas para entregables o presentaciones de proyectos similares como referencia... ¡No te sentirás perdido!Eventos y dinámicas frecuentes: Compartimos conocimiento y aprendizajes de los proyectos constantemente. Como nos gusta pasar tiempo juntos, también organizamos eventos informales para conocernos mejor y divertirnos como equipo.Bono de 500€: Incentivamos tu desarrollo profesional con un bono de 500€ para que inviertas en formación, aprendizaje de idiomas, libros o eventos del sector.Entorno de alto crecimiento: Evoluciona tu carrera en Garaje y trabaja en equipos multidisciplinarios de Diseño, Data, Growth y Tecnología, creando experiencias, servicios y productos con impacto para grandes clientes como Vodafone, BBVA, Endesa, Banco Santander, Inditex, Telefónica, Adeslas, Repsol, IKEA, Legálitas, RBI y Grupo Dani García. Ser parte del equipo de Garaje significa tener la oportunidad de contribuir a la creación de experiencias, servicios y productos con un impacto significativo.Trabajarás entendiendo la data como una disciplina siempre ligada a todas las fases de diseño y desarrollo de producto, sentando bases sólidas en visualización, personalización y optimización para mejorar la experiencia de usuario y facilitar la toma de decisiones. ¿Qué pasará ahora?Si te suena bien, haz click en “solicitar”, ¡estamos esperando tu candidatura con ganas!Si tu perfil encaja con lo que estamos buscando, nos pondremos en contacto contigo pronto para coordinar una primera llamada telefónica de acercamiento. Si avanzas, seguramente conocerás a alguien del equipo.
Data Analyst (SQL/JSON)	excelia	España (En remoto)	excelia es una firma multinacional de Consultoría, Tecnología y Servicios profesionales con más de 20 años de experiencia. Prestamos servicio en más de 50 países de Europa, América Latina y Estados Unidos desde nuestras 10 oficinas propias.🕵🏽‍♀️ ¿Qué buscamos?Estamos en la búsqueda de un perfil con 2-3 años de experiencia profesional mínima en ejecución, capaz de sumergirse en los detalles operativos, comprender a fondo los procesos y realizar una precisa parametrización y validación del modelo de datos, aún cuando este proceso no sea muy amigable para el usuario final.Para esta función, es indispensable contar con habilidades sólidas en SQL y JSON. Asimismo, se valora un sólido conocimiento funcional que permita una minuciosa evaluación de las parametrizaciones realizadas.📝 Requisitos: Dominio en SQL, Python / PySpark y experiencia en entornos Cloud, con preferencia en Azure.Experiencia específica en el trabajo con JSON.Interés por los detalles y capacidad para investigar minuciosamente los datos dentro de los modelos de la base de datos. 🛠️ ProyectoSerías un/a integrante del equipo encargado de contribuir al desarrollo de la infraestructura de la herramienta corporativa que centraliza y procesa los datos para el reporting regulatorio.Esta plataforma se encuentra implementada en una arquitectura moderna que incluye tecnologías como Azure, Snowflake, Databricks y PowerBI.¿Qué ofrecemos?📝 Contratación estable, para que puedas seguir creciendo junto a nosotros.💰 Tu banda salarial será acorde a tu experiencia y tu trayectoria profesional. 😱 Además podrás beneficiarte a través de nuestro paquete de retribución flexible.📖 Creemos en tu desarrollo profesional, por ello te ofrecemos formación continua. Queremos ayudarte a mejorar tus habilidades técnicas.🏡 Ofrecemos un modelo de trabajo en remoto para adaptarnos mejor a tus necesidades.⏰ Jornada intensiva todos los viernes del año, Julio y Agosto.¡Haz clic en "inscribirme" y forma parte de Excelia, una compañía internacional donde desarrollar todo tu talento!
Data Analyst (AWS)	knowmad mood	Barcelona y alrededores (En remoto)	¡Somos knowmad mood, anteriormente atSistemas!Acabamos de cruzar el umbral de los 2400 talentos y seguimos apostando por la tecnología y la innovación, y queremos contar contigo.En estos momentos estamos buscando incorporar al equipo un/a Data Analyst con al menos 3 años de experiencia para participar dentro de un proyecto internacional en una importante multinacional farmacéutica.¿𝐐𝐮é 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐢𝐚𝐬 𝐞𝐬𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐦𝐨𝐬 𝐝𝐞 𝐭𝐢? Experiencia en creación de ETL a través de bases de datos relacionales.Conocimiento de bases de datos relacionales (PostgreSQL, SQL, Oracle, otras).Experiencia con Data lake y Data Warehouse.Amplia experiencia en análisis de datos.Experiencia con herramientas de AWS y bases de datos en la nube.Conocimiento sobre Snowflake, Athena y otras herramientas de AWS relacionadas con bases de datos. ¿Cuáles serán tus funciones? Responsable de crear, comprender y documentar la lógica detrás de las capas de datos de configuración y aplicación para Batch Context Engine desde los sistemas fuente hasta las tablas de salida definidas.Crear, construir e implementar bases de datos y sus modelos de datos que cumplan con los requisitos de la organización.Debe trabajar en estrecha colaboración con las partes interesadas. ¿Desde dónde trabajarás?Híbrido: 1 día presencial en las oficinas de cliente en San Cugat del Vallés.No hay intensiva los viernes y en verano, pero se flexibiliza el horario.¿Qué implica formar parte de knowmad mood? 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦Plan de carrera 🏄 Tu crecimiento es el nuestro, por eso, todos nuestros profesionales tienen a su disposición procesos diseñados específicamente para sus funciones dentro de la compañía: modelo de competencias, evaluaciones, planes de formación y certificación, proyectos y eventos.Retribución Flexible 💰Podrás optar por cheques restaurante, cheques guardería, tarjeta de transporte, o seguro médico. Junto los beneficios y descuentos que te proponemos al unirte al Club de ventajas.Conciliación vida familiar y laboral 💆Nos gusta que tengas equilibrio en tu vida personal y en tu carrera profesional, por lo que disfrutamos de 22 días de vacaciones + 2 días de libre disposición + 24 y 31 de diciembre, además de opciones de teletrabajo, horario flexible y jornada intensiva los viernes y en verano.Formación continua 💻 como medio para conseguir el desarrollo personal y profesional de nuestros compañeros. Tendrás opciones para formarte en últimas tecnologías, inglés, competencias/habilidades. Además de nuestro programa de certificaciones oficiales y las licencias de Udemy Business.Wellness 🔋Promovemos un estilo de vida saludable entre todos los que formamos knowmad mood y, por eso, contamos con varias iniciativas que fomentan nuestra salud y bienestar. Nuestro equipo de People Care está siempre a tu disposición para que las experiencias en knowmad mood sean humanas y lo más alegres posible.Nos gusta celebrar los momentos especiales 🎉 Así que estate atento a lo largo del año porque recibirás alguna que otra sorpresa...¡entre otras muchas cosas!Si tienes cualquier duda o quieres ampliar la información, no dudes en contactar con cualquiera de los compañeros de People & Talent.
Language Data Analyst	TELUS International	España (En remoto)	TELUS International is looking for Language Data Analysts in Barcelona, Spain to work onsite for a machine learning project! At the moment, we are looking for candidates with fluency in Hebrew to cover a temporary vacancy of undefined duration.Language Data Analysts will analyze data in a given language and identify potential issues. They will also collaborate with international testing teams and engineers to help reproduce issues and test features. Data obtained will be used to train and improve speech recognition and AI systems.RESPONSIBILITIES:Includes, but is not limited to the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Linguistic data labelling.  Analyzing language data in the given language and identifying potential issues and patterns.  Collaborating with an international testing team and engineers to help reproduce issues and test features.  Communicating with various departments.  SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:  Fluency in Hebrew .  Preferred educational background: linguistics, literature or translation.  Available to work onsite in Barcelona, Spain.  Excellent reading, writing and comprehension skills in English; ability to understand and closely follow elaborate guidelines in English.  In-depth knowledge of native culture and history, staying up to date with day-to-day news and happenings in the target country and regular use of the language required.  Strong attention to detail and ability to meet project targets.  Self-motivated and able to work as part of the team or independently.  Good computer and software skills across different operating systems.  Strong typing skills.  Good organizational skills  Adaptable to changing environments.  WHAT WE OFFER:  Attractive salary  Fixed-term contract with TELUS International  Referral program with attractive bonuses  Private medical insurance for employees and relatives  Great office at a top location  Positive international working environment (relaxing zones, terrace, kitchen)  Discounts in gym memberships  Career development opportunities  No overtime or weekend work  Continuous support and learning  Access to counseling sessions  If this opportunity sounds appealing to you, apply now! Kindly attach your CV in English. Please note that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. ABOUT US:AI Data SolutionsCreating and enhancing the world's data to enable better AI via human intelligence.We strive to enhance the world's data to enable better AI through human intelligence. Our team of data, technology, and project management professionals work with companies to test and improve machine learning models. We handle various data types, including text, images, audio, video, and geo. Our solutions improve AI systems in multiple applications, such as advanced smart products, improved search results, expanded speech recognition, more human-like bot interactions, and more.TELUS International values diversity and grants equal opportunity regardless of age, civil status, disability, gender, nationality, race, religion and political beliefs, sex or sexual orientation.Additional Job DescriptionTELUS International is looking for Language Data Analysts (various languages) in Barcelona, Spain.EEO StatementAt TELUS International, we enable customer experience innovation through spirited teamwork, agile thinking, and a caring culture that puts customers first. TELUS International is the global arm of TELUS Corporation, one of the largest telecommunications service providers in Canada. We deliver contact center and business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions to some of the world's largest corporations in the consumer electronics, finance, telecommunications and utilities sectors. With global call center delivery capabilities, our multi-shore, multi-language programs offer safe, secure infrastructure, value-based pricing, skills-based resources and exceptional customer service - all backed by TELUS, our multi-billion dollar telecommunications parent.Equal Opportunity EmployerAt TELUS International, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. All aspects of employment, including the decision to hire and promote, are based on applicants’ qualifications, merits, competence and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity.
Data Analyst (Full remote within Spain)	Leadtech Group	España (En remoto)	We are looking for a Data Analyst who is passionate about their work, adapts easily, and shares our company values!A Little Bit About UsLeadtech has been fostering and developing innovative digital businesses across several industries since 2009. It has since then expanded to a team of over 500 committed employees working all over Spain. We are thrilled to have more than 23 nationalities working together and very proud to see that our products and services are enjoyed by millions of users monthly around the globe.ResponsibilitiesYou’re our perfect candidate if you: Conduct thorough data analysis to identify patterns, trends, and improvement opportunities within datasetsCreate effective reports and visualizations to communicate key findings to the company's teams and support data-informed decision-makingCollaborate closely with business intelligence specialists, data scientists and other team members to develop predictive models and data-driven solutionsPerform ad-hoc research to address specific business-related questionsContinually maintain and enhance data quality, ensuring data integrity and accuracyParticipate in the identification and collection of new data relevant to business objectivesContribute to the evaluation of new tools and technologies for data management and analysisStrong analytical skillsOutstanding oral and written communication skills as well as interpersonal skills RequirementsYour expertise in a nutshell: Bachelor's degree in a related field, such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering (Industrial Engineering, Telecommunications Engineering), or a similar disciplineDemonstrated experience in data analysis, preferably in a Data Science environmentSolid knowledge of data analysis tools, such as KNIME, SPSS, or similar toolsExperience with databases and query languages, such as SQLAbility to create effective visualizations using tools like Qlik Sense, QlikView or similarStrong communication skills and the ability to translate technical findings into clear business recommendationsTeamwork and collaboration skills to work closely with other data professionals and cross-functional teamsProactive attitude and results-orientedBasic knowledge of machine learning and statistics techniques is a plus BenefitsPerks of being one of us Top-notch private health insurance — includes dental and psychological servicesFull-time, permanent contractFlexible time off, no blackout dates, plus your birthday, Christmas’ Eve and New Year’s Eve offRemote work OR come into the office if you prefer!Flextime (7 – 9:30 a.m. / 3:30 – 7:30 p.m)Free Friday afternoons (a 7-hour workday!) + 35-hour week in July and August (free afternoons here we come!)Enhanced career path designed just for youExternal training budgetOther: ticket restaurant, nursery ticketsBudget for team-building activitiesWe celebrate all company landmarksAnd when you come into the office, you’ll get free coffee and snacks, fresh fruit, and can enjoy our game room and the cool terrace overlooking the Mediterranean Sounds good? Apply now! We’re looking forward to getting to know you.Equal Employment Opportunity Employer:Leadtech is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer, which means we encourage applications from people with different backgrounds, interests, and personal circumstances. Our team welcomes applicants regardless of their race, gender, age, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, and/or disabilities. All we need is your high energy, skills, and willingness to be a part of a great project!LocationYou'll have the flexibility to choose whether you'd like to come to the office every day, from time to time, or work fully remote. We want you to find the best combination for you.If you prefer to be surrounded with amazing people, our exceptional office is in Barcelona’s Blue Building, located right on the city's seafront. Besides our stunning views, you’ll enjoy our office perks such as free fruit, snacks, and coffee and you’ll also be able to take part in our Mario Kart and table tennis competitions.The personal data you provide will be processed in order to manage your candidacy for the corporate selection processes that fit your profile. If you wish, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification or cancellation by writing to our address (Avenida Litoral, 12-14, 5ta planta. Barcelona. 08005) or to the email address protecciondedatos@LeadTech.com, attaching to your request a document that can validate your identity.Apply for this job
Senior Data Analyst	Minsait	España (En remoto)	More digital. More human. More Minsait.Somos una empresa líder global de tecnología y consultoría digital que conecta personas, tecnología y negocios para generar crecimiento, transformación e impacto positivo y sostenible.Buscamos Senior Data Analyst, interesados en trabajar en nuestros equipos multidisciplinares del área de DATA.¿Cuál es el reto que te proponemos? Participación en proyectos punteros del ámbito de DATA.Estarás en contacto continuo con las novedades tecnológicas, impulsando la transformación digital.Participarás en proyectos y desarrollos que tienen una alta visibilidad y que marcan la diferencia con soluciones disruptivas y especializadas para toda la cadena de valor.Te ofrecemos una formación continua dentro del área. ¿Qué esperamos por tu parte? Experiencia superior a 4 años en proyectos del ámbito de DATA. Experiencia con modelado multidimensional de datos. ETLs Reporting Inglés Se valorarán los siguientes conocimientos: Ingeniería de Datos. Azure, Google Cloud, AWS. Motivos por los que te encantará ser un #Minsaiter: Conciliación y equilibrio: 32 días laborables de descanso, jornada intensiva en verano y teletrabajo.Carrera profesional y formación continua adaptada a tus necesidades y motivaciones.Contrato indefinido y retribución competitiva, seguro de vida y acceso a planes de retribución flexible.Programa de bienestar con acceso a una red de gimnasios, servicio de telemedicina en línea gratuita y otras ventajas. Minsait, technology for a more human future!Nuestro compromiso es promover ambientes de trabajo en los que se trate con respeto y dignidad a las personas, procurando el desarrollo profesional de la plantilla y garantizando la igualdad de oportunidades en su selección, formación y promoción ofreciendo un entorno de trabajo libre de cualquier discriminación por motivo de género, edad, discapacidad, orientación sexual, identidad o expresión de género, religión, etnia, estado civil o cualquier otra circunstancia personal o social.
CMC Data Analyst	Planet Pharma	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Location - UK, Europe, Switzerland (Home Based) travel to site 2-4 days a monthStart: Now-end of FebLength - 12 months Budget - Market RateBackground: They will be working with data from CMC (protocols, method data), Tech Ops, MES (manufacturing) (will be 1/3 or 1/4 initially) and lab - this will come later on (stability stress testing, intermediate data captures, end reports). The users really need support and this is why 'presence' is important. Day to day they will be working with business users to get what they need and so communicating with the stakeholders and CDMOs to be able to deliver. Requirements to sub:- Circa 5-7 years as a Data Analyst in relevant teams (CMC, Tech Ops, DS, DP, Supply Chain and MES)- Proactive and keen communicator and collaborator. - - Must understand the manufacturing, CMC, Tech ops processes, understand the data and then be able to educate users on what to do with it (and for example how they can use it to format for a dossier). - Experience in the following : Excel, SAS/JMP, Tableau, Power BI, SQL, R, Python.- Knowledge, experience and interest in 'Digital CMC' would be advantageous,JD: Chemical Manufacturing and Control Data Analyst Responsibilities:  Collaborate with internal DS, DP, AD, Supply Chain and Quality to identify data reporting requirements Partner with Business Information Services and CDMOs to obtain appropriate data sets in support of such reportingGenerate automated reports and dashboards to communicate data insights and trends to stakeholdersPerform statistical and process capability analysisDeliver custom reports supporting regulatory reporting obligationsClean, process and analyze data so it can be turned into meaningful output for the various teamsIdentify and troubleshoot data quality issues and anomalies based on parameters as defined in the QTPPIdentify opportunities to automatize repetitive tasks across the different teams  Requirements:  Bachelor’s degree in chemistry, biochemistry, biotechnology, or related fieldExperience in data analysis and reporting in the biopharmaceutical industryKnowledge of chemical/Biological manufacturing and control principles and techniquesProficiency in data analysis tools and software such as Excel, SQL, R, Python, JMP/SAS, Power BI, Tableau ....Proficiency in machine learning
Online Data Analyst	TELUS International	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	We are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, e.g., verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpanishYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Why Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiativeRemote work & Location IndependenceBe your own bossFlexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyleBe a part of an online community TELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comIf you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us at sourcingteam89@telusinternational.ai
Online Data Analyst - Spain	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Description and RequirementsTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com We are hiring freelance English and Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.  This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task. Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English and SpanishYou must be living in Spain the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website information You must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance) Applicants must be 18 years or over.
Business Intelligence Consultant (IICS + Snowflake)	Capgemini Engineering	España (En remoto)	Hybrid Intelligence, a Capgemini Engineering team, is looking for a Business Intelligence Consultant (IICS + Snowflake) to join the team in Spain. You will provide analytics expertise to a highly talented team, while participating in the rapid growth and expansion of our client base.RequirementsTo succeed in this role, you should have: More than two years of experience in DS projects with ETL, using Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (IICS) It will valued real experience in Cloud Environment (Especially with SNOWFLAKE Cloud) About UsAs a member of the Hybrid Intelligence team of Capgemini Engineering, you will work on a variety of innovative and rewarding projects that make a difference. Our work is a fusion of applied mathematics, scientific computing, AI, and software engineering. We deliver ground-breaking, multi-disciplinary solutions for our R&D-driven clients tackling humanity’s generational challenges, from discovering new drug treatments to harnessing green energy.We are dedicated to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We appreciate individuals for who they are and value the diversity they bring to the workplace.Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. It is a multicultural company of over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries.What we offer? Permanent working contractRemote working.Flexible schedule + intensive workday on Fridays and in summer (Two months)Social benefits package (private medical insurance, life and accident insurance paid by the company, Gympass, Life -employment and family assistance company-, etc).Flexible remuneration (transport ticket, restaurant ticket, nursery, training, extend health insurance to your family...)Ongoing technical, skills and language training (free English classes for all employees)Annual performance evaluations. Professional development plan, based on your experience and future potential, adapted to you, with both horizontal and vertical growth. Our commitment to inclusion and equal opportunities means that we have an Equality Plan and a Code of Ethics that guarantee the professional development of the workforce and equal opportunities in their selection within an environment free of discrimination based on ethnicity, nationality, social origin, age, sexual orientation, gender expression, religion or any other personal, physical or social circumstance.
Senior Data Analyst (Power BI) & AWS Services (S3/Redshift)	Bluetab, an IBM Company	España (En remoto)	Bluetab, an IBM Company. certificados ¡Great Place to Work & Best Work to Place! como una de las mejores compañías para trabajar.Una compañía muy techie que nos ha llevado a ser el brazo fuerte de IBM en Data, Cloud, ML & IA y donde, para empresas clave de diversos sectores, ayudamos a acelerar y optimizar estrategias en plataformas de datos y en la nube, sacando al máximo las ventajas de su arquitectura y entornos de desarrollo.Como Senior Data Analyst en Power BI buscamos que te manejes con soltura en:  Manejo de herramientas de reporting: Power BI (Configuración de Cuadros de Mando).Conocimiento de DAX y M.SQL.Modelado y optimización de Datos.Desarrollo de ETL's tanto en crudo como con herramientas de Mercado.Conocimientos de entorno AWS (especialmente en Redshift)  Nivel alto de inglés por proyecto internacional. Ahora viene lo bueno por ser bluetaber… ¿Qué ofrecemos? Contrato indefinido y un salario acorde al rol y de mercado competitivo (30K-45K, dependiendo de la experiencia y conocimiento).  La pregunta estrella. ¿Teletrabajo? Sí, Teletrabajo flexible. A tu entera disposición tendrás también las Oficinas ubicadas en el centro de Madrid con muy buena conexión.  Horarios flexibles de entrada/salida, adaptado a tus necesidades personales y jornada intensiva los viernes y los meses de verano, julio y agosto.23 días de vacaciones + 2 Bluetab days (nochebuena y nochevieja).  Tarjeta restaurant como beneficio social más allá del salario.Seguro médico & póliza dental con una amplia cobertura también como beneficio social más allá del salario.Disponibilidad además de plan de retribución flexible: Transporte + Guardería.  Formación continua gamificada a través del plan rewards, con más de 1000 cursos y certificaciones oficiales.Además, tendrás a tu alcance el programa Career Coach para acompañarte en todo lo relativo a tu desarrollo y crecimiento dentro de Bluetab, con un sistema objetivo de evaluación continua.¡Tú serás el dueño de tu crecimiento!Regalo de cumpleaños. Tarjeta Amazon por importe de 50€ para que sea un día especial. Consideramos que la diversidad es enriquecedora y queremos velar por la inclusión e igualdad de oportunidades, por lo que contamos con un Plan de Igualdad y un Código Ético que recoge estos principios para garantizar la no discriminación de nuestras colaboradoras y colaboradores por cuestión de raza, color, nacionalidad, origen social, edad, sexo, estado civil, orientación sexual, ideología, opiniones políticas, religión o cualquier otra condición personal, física o social.Si te apasiona la tecnología y quieres disfrutar en un entorno innovador y 100% tecnológico, Bluetab, an IBM Company es tu sitio.¡Te esperamos!#wearehiring #bluetabanibmcompany #bluetabers
Junior Data Analyst (Remote Internship - Data Analysis)	TalentKompass Deutschland	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	LOCATION: Remote WorkSCHEDULE: Part-timeAre you an aspiring data analyst seeking an unparalleled opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working with a prestigious Management Consulting firm? TalentKompass Deutschland, a leading Human Resources company based in Germany, is searching for a highly motivated Data Analysis Intern to join our esteemed client. This remote position offers a unique chance for someone passionate about data analysis and eager to learn in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.As a Data Analysis Intern, you will work closely with the analytics and consulting teams, where you will be responsible for a range of tasks, including data collection, data cleaning, and statistical analysis. You will have the extraordinary opportunity to learn from experienced professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance throughout the internship. With this internship, you will gain valuable experience in data analysis, data visualization, and teamwork - all essential skills for a successful career in this field.Responsibilities: Collect, clean, and analyze data from various sources to support consulting projectsAssist in the development of data models and statistical analysis to identify trends and insightsCollaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze dataCreate data visualizations and dashboards using tools such as Tableau or Power BIPresent findings and insights to the consulting team and contribute to project reportsParticipate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas for data-driven solutionsSupport the team with general administrative tasks as needed Requirements: Strong analytical and problem-solving skillsProficient in Microsoft Excel or other data analysis toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills in EnglishFamiliarity with data analysis principles and practicesAbility to work independently and as part of a teamStrong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyKnowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques is a plusExperience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI is a plus At TalentKompass Deutschland, we are committed to helping our interns develop their skills and reach their full potential. Our client is a reputable Management Consulting firm that will provide invaluable experience in a competitive industry. Don't miss this fantastic opportunity to grow your career in data analysis - apply now!
WORK FROM HOME - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comJob descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationApplicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Power BI Consultant	Winid Spain	España (En remoto)	Winid es una empresa que cambia las reglas del juego y sitúa la búsqueda de talento en el centro de su modelo de negocio.Creemos firmemente que las personas con talento son el elemento crucial para el éxito de las organizaciones. Lo entendemos como Talento Aumentado, poniendo la tecnología y la IA al servicio de las personas.Nuestro objetivo es alcanzar la excelencia en la captación, formación y equipamiento de los mejores consultores de adquisición de talento a nivel global.En Winid estamos trabajando para llevar el mejor talento a un Gold Partner de Microsoft, referente en España y que cuenta con oficinas en Barcelona, Madrid, Sevilla, Valencia y Bilbao. Su misión es crear e implementar diferentes soluciones para los principales sectores: industrial, distribución, servicios, construcción, alimentación, fabricación y retail entre otros.Cuentan con varias líneas de negocio, implantación de ERP y CRM, desarrollo de proyectos de Power BI, Sistemas, Cloud y seguridad.Descripción del puesto: Formarás parte de un equipo especializado en proyectos de Business Intelligence con herramientas Microsoft.Tendrás oportunidad de desarrollar tus conocimientos en Power BI y su lenguaje DAX, además de SQL y Power Query.Implantarás Power BI a diferentes clientes de la compañía. Requisitos: Experiencia con Power BI y conocimientos en DAX, SQL y Power Query.Disponibilidad para realizar viajes ocasionales a cliente dentro del territorio nacional.Graduado en informática o semejantes, y formación empresarial o contableNivel de inglés medio-alto.Se valorarán los conocimientos de SQL Server Analysis Services, Multidimensional y Tabular. También los conocimientos en MDX, C# y .Net.Experiencia en diseño de informes con SQL Server Reporting Services.Experiencia en Excel, Power Pivot.Se valorarán conocimientos de otras herramientas de BI.Se valorarán certificaciones actualizadas de Microsoft.Conocimientos en Dynamics 365 Business Central (NAV), F&O (AX), CRM.Conocimientos de SAP, Salesforce u otros ERP y CRM Que ofrecemos: Modelo de trabajo hibrido flexible.Plan de carrera personalizado y revisión salarial periódica.Formaciones y certificaciones oficiales por parte de la compañíaClases de inglés gratuitasSeguro médicoOportunidades de crecimiento vertical y horizontal dentro de la compañía
Senior Game Data Analyst - Tarboosh Games	Voodoo	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps. With 7 billion downloads and over 150 million monthly active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta.The company is one of the most impressive examples of hypergrowth in the ecosystem, having raised over $1B and backed by Goldman Sachs, Tencent, and GBL.Voodoo is now a team of over 750 employees worldwide, we’re looking for talented individuals from across the globe to come and entertain the world with us.TeamOur Gaming team is made up of hybrid-casual, casual and mid-core experts. Our 'Core' games team supports internal and external studios worldwide in creating, developing and launching new hit games, whilst our 'Live' games team focuses on delivering higher engagement on our existing and successful games.Joining our Live games team means collaborating with gaming industry experts on globally renowned, enduring games, while embracing exciting new entrepreneurial ventures. With over seven billion downloads worldwide and a portfolio of more than 10 resilient hybrid games generating more than $20m per year, we are the largest and most successful hybrid publisher in the world.You will join Tarboosh, a middle east-based studio, acquired by Voodoo in 2022 . With titles like Collect Em All , generating 45M$ revenue in 2023, Tarboosh strives to create chart-topping hybrid-casual games.Being part of the Tarboosh team means working with established experts from the casual gaming industry on fun, durable games, with communities of players across the globe, and taking on cutting-edge entrepreneurial projects in mobile gaming.RoleWe are looking for a Senior or Lead Data Analyst with a proven track record contributing to the improvement of casual games, in particular puzzle games. You will be leading all analytics efforts to bring our flagship game Collect Em All to the next level of success.Profile At least 4 years of analytical work experience in the gaming, tech or data-driven industry, with a proven track record working in close connection with product teams. At least 2 years of experience working on a puzzle game (product side).Proficient with SQL and either R or Python, with proven experience working with large and complex data sets. Good knowledge of statistical analysis and concepts used for industry-standard methods like AB testing.Autonomous person with a strong analytical mind, problem-solving skills and strong attention to detail.Ability to understand a business problem, turn it into an analytics/statistics problem and solve it using adequate methods.Highly pragmatic mindset with the ability to quickly identify what needs to be focused on and what can be considered of lower priority.Capacity to be the pro-active owner of the entire data chain for your game(s) Benefits: The position is fully remote, with a preference for candidates in European time zones. We offer a competitive salary based on the candidate’s experience, along with other benefits according to the country of residence.Voodoo just won the award for Best Office Space in France
Spanish Speaker - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comJob descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationApplicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Online Data Analyst	TELUS International	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	We are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, e.g., verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpanishYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Why Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiativeRemote work & Location IndependenceBe your own bossFlexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyleBe a part of an online community TELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comIf you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us at sourcingteam89@telusinternational.ai
Online Data Analyst - Spain	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	We are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, e.g., verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpanishYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Why Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiativeRemote work & Location IndependenceBe your own bossFlexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyleBe a part of an online community TELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comIf you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us at sourcingteam89@telusinternational.ai
Online Data Analyst	TELUS International	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	We are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, e.g., verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpanishYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Why Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiativeRemote work & Location IndependenceBe your own bossFlexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyleBe a part of an online community TELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comIf you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact us at sourcingteam89@telusinternational.ai
Business Intelligence Consultant (IICS + Snowflake)	Capgemini Engineering	España (En remoto)	Hybrid Intelligence, a Capgemini Engineering team, is looking for a Business Intelligence Consultant (IICS + Snowflake) to join the team in Spain. You will provide analytics expertise to a highly talented team, while participating in the rapid growth and expansion of our client base.RequirementsTo succeed in this role, you should have: More than two years of experience in DS projects with ETL, using Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (IICS) It will valued real experience in Cloud Environment (Especially with SNOWFLAKE Cloud) About UsAs a member of the Hybrid Intelligence team of Capgemini Engineering, you will work on a variety of innovative and rewarding projects that make a difference. Our work is a fusion of applied mathematics, scientific computing, AI, and software engineering. We deliver ground-breaking, multi-disciplinary solutions for our R&D-driven clients tackling humanity’s generational challenges, from discovering new drug treatments to harnessing green energy.We are dedicated to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We appreciate individuals for who they are and value the diversity they bring to the workplace.Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. It is a multicultural company of over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries.What we offer? Permanent working contractRemote working.Flexible schedule + intensive workday on Fridays and in summer (Two months)Social benefits package (private medical insurance, life and accident insurance paid by the company, Gympass, Life -employment and family assistance company-, etc).Flexible remuneration (transport ticket, restaurant ticket, nursery, training, extend health insurance to your family...)Ongoing technical, skills and language training (free English classes for all employees)Annual performance evaluations. Professional development plan, based on your experience and future potential, adapted to you, with both horizontal and vertical growth. Our commitment to inclusion and equal opportunities means that we have an Equality Plan and a Code of Ethics that guarantee the professional development of the workforce and equal opportunities in their selection within an environment free of discrimination based on ethnicity, nationality, social origin, age, sexual orientation, gender expression, religion or any other personal, physical or social circumstance.
Online Data Analyst - Spain	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Description and RequirementsTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com We are hiring freelance English and Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.  This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task. Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English and SpanishYou must be living in Spain the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website information You must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance) Applicants must be 18 years or over.
WORK FROM HOME - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comJob descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationApplicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Junior Data Analyst (Remote Internship - Data Analysis)	TalentKompass Deutschland	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	LOCATION: Remote WorkSCHEDULE: Part-timeAre you an aspiring data analyst seeking an unparalleled opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working with a prestigious Management Consulting firm? TalentKompass Deutschland, a leading Human Resources company based in Germany, is searching for a highly motivated Data Analysis Intern to join our esteemed client. This remote position offers a unique chance for someone passionate about data analysis and eager to learn in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.As a Data Analysis Intern, you will work closely with the analytics and consulting teams, where you will be responsible for a range of tasks, including data collection, data cleaning, and statistical analysis. You will have the extraordinary opportunity to learn from experienced professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance throughout the internship. With this internship, you will gain valuable experience in data analysis, data visualization, and teamwork - all essential skills for a successful career in this field.Responsibilities: Collect, clean, and analyze data from various sources to support consulting projectsAssist in the development of data models and statistical analysis to identify trends and insightsCollaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze dataCreate data visualizations and dashboards using tools such as Tableau or Power BIPresent findings and insights to the consulting team and contribute to project reportsParticipate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas for data-driven solutionsSupport the team with general administrative tasks as needed Requirements: Strong analytical and problem-solving skillsProficient in Microsoft Excel or other data analysis toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills in EnglishFamiliarity with data analysis principles and practicesAbility to work independently and as part of a teamStrong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyKnowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques is a plusExperience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI is a plus At TalentKompass Deutschland, we are committed to helping our interns develop their skills and reach their full potential. Our client is a reputable Management Consulting firm that will provide invaluable experience in a competitive industry. Don't miss this fantastic opportunity to grow your career in data analysis - apply now!
Senior Data Analyst (Power BI) & AWS Services (S3/Redshift)	Bluetab, an IBM Company	España (En remoto)	Bluetab, an IBM Company. certificados ¡Great Place to Work & Best Work to Place! como una de las mejores compañías para trabajar.Una compañía muy techie que nos ha llevado a ser el brazo fuerte de IBM en Data, Cloud, ML & IA y donde, para empresas clave de diversos sectores, ayudamos a acelerar y optimizar estrategias en plataformas de datos y en la nube, sacando al máximo las ventajas de su arquitectura y entornos de desarrollo.Como Senior Data Analyst en Power BI buscamos que te manejes con soltura en:  Manejo de herramientas de reporting: Power BI (Configuración de Cuadros de Mando).Conocimiento de DAX y M.SQL.Modelado y optimización de Datos.Desarrollo de ETL's tanto en crudo como con herramientas de Mercado.Conocimientos de entorno AWS (especialmente en Redshift)  Nivel alto de inglés por proyecto internacional. Ahora viene lo bueno por ser bluetaber… ¿Qué ofrecemos? Contrato indefinido y un salario acorde al rol y de mercado competitivo (30K-45K, dependiendo de la experiencia y conocimiento).  La pregunta estrella. ¿Teletrabajo? Sí, Teletrabajo flexible. A tu entera disposición tendrás también las Oficinas ubicadas en el centro de Madrid con muy buena conexión.  Horarios flexibles de entrada/salida, adaptado a tus necesidades personales y jornada intensiva los viernes y los meses de verano, julio y agosto.23 días de vacaciones + 2 Bluetab days (nochebuena y nochevieja).  Tarjeta restaurant como beneficio social más allá del salario.Seguro médico & póliza dental con una amplia cobertura también como beneficio social más allá del salario.Disponibilidad además de plan de retribución flexible: Transporte + Guardería.  Formación continua gamificada a través del plan rewards, con más de 1000 cursos y certificaciones oficiales.Además, tendrás a tu alcance el programa Career Coach para acompañarte en todo lo relativo a tu desarrollo y crecimiento dentro de Bluetab, con un sistema objetivo de evaluación continua.¡Tú serás el dueño de tu crecimiento!Regalo de cumpleaños. Tarjeta Amazon por importe de 50€ para que sea un día especial. Consideramos que la diversidad es enriquecedora y queremos velar por la inclusión e igualdad de oportunidades, por lo que contamos con un Plan de Igualdad y un Código Ético que recoge estos principios para garantizar la no discriminación de nuestras colaboradoras y colaboradores por cuestión de raza, color, nacionalidad, origen social, edad, sexo, estado civil, orientación sexual, ideología, opiniones políticas, religión o cualquier otra condición personal, física o social.Si te apasiona la tecnología y quieres disfrutar en un entorno innovador y 100% tecnológico, Bluetab, an IBM Company es tu sitio.¡Te esperamos!#wearehiring #bluetabanibmcompany #bluetabers
WORK FROM HOME - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com Job descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationYou must have familarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in Spain .Being open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance)Applicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Senior Game Data Analyst - Tarboosh Games	Voodoo	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps. With 7 billion downloads and over 150 million monthly active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta.The company is one of the most impressive examples of hypergrowth in the ecosystem, having raised over $1B and backed by Goldman Sachs, Tencent, and GBL.Voodoo is now a team of over 750 employees worldwide, we’re looking for talented individuals from across the globe to come and entertain the world with us.TeamOur Gaming team is made up of hybrid-casual, casual and mid-core experts. Our 'Core' games team supports internal and external studios worldwide in creating, developing and launching new hit games, whilst our 'Live' games team focuses on delivering higher engagement on our existing and successful games.Joining our Live games team means collaborating with gaming industry experts on globally renowned, enduring games, while embracing exciting new entrepreneurial ventures. With over seven billion downloads worldwide and a portfolio of more than 10 resilient hybrid games generating more than $20m per year, we are the largest and most successful hybrid publisher in the world.You will join Tarboosh, a middle east-based studio, acquired by Voodoo in 2022 . With titles like Collect Em All , generating 45M$ revenue in 2023, Tarboosh strives to create chart-topping hybrid-casual games.Being part of the Tarboosh team means working with established experts from the casual gaming industry on fun, durable games, with communities of players across the globe, and taking on cutting-edge entrepreneurial projects in mobile gaming.RoleWe are looking for a Senior or Lead Data Analyst with a proven track record contributing to the improvement of casual games, in particular puzzle games. You will be leading all analytics efforts to bring our flagship game Collect Em All to the next level of success.Profile At least 4 years of analytical work experience in the gaming, tech or data-driven industry, with a proven track record working in close connection with product teams. At least 2 years of experience working on a puzzle game (product side).Proficient with SQL and either R or Python, with proven experience working with large and complex data sets. Good knowledge of statistical analysis and concepts used for industry-standard methods like AB testing.Autonomous person with a strong analytical mind, problem-solving skills and strong attention to detail.Ability to understand a business problem, turn it into an analytics/statistics problem and solve it using adequate methods.Highly pragmatic mindset with the ability to quickly identify what needs to be focused on and what can be considered of lower priority.Capacity to be the pro-active owner of the entire data chain for your game(s) Benefits: The position is fully remote, with a preference for candidates in European time zones. We offer a competitive salary based on the candidate’s experience, along with other benefits according to the country of residence.Voodoo just won the award for Best Office Space in France
Spanish Speaker - Online Data Analyst	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Why USTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.comJob descriptionWe are hiring freelance Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst's for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task.Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English & SpansihYou must be living in Spain for the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website informationApplicants must be 18 years or over. Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks.Must have the following skills & competenciesandWhy Join the TELUS International AI Community? Earn additional income with flexible hours to fit your lifestyleBetter work-life balanceBe your own bossRemote work & location independenceComplimentary well-being package, encompassing a wealth of well-being resourcesBe part of an online community
Business Intelligence Consultant	Lognext	España (En remoto)	OGNEXT es una consultora IT con más de 15 años de experiencia. Nos caracteriza nuestra cercanía, nuestro espíritu de equipo y el interés continuo por el desarrollo y crecimiento de todos los que componemos el #equipolognext.Contamos con la confianza de los mejores clientes para proporcionar profesionales altamente calificados que vehiculizan la innovación en los mejores proyectos. Formarás parte de proyectos retadores e internacionales, estarás trabajando con equipos multidisciplinares y multiculturales.Estamos buscamos a un Consultor BI Junior para incorporar en uno de nuestros mas importantes clientes.¿Cuáles serán tus principales funciones?: Gestión de peticiones de servicio en Remedy y Jira. Implica asignación a su dueño.Ejecución de los workorders asignados a el/ella.Gestión de incidencias con triaje previo o desvío al responsable del dominio.Resolución de incidencias no complejas.Documentación de resolución de incidencias.Seguimiento de incidencias y workorders en el chapter.Coordinación con la responsable del Servicio. ¿Qué estamos buscando?: Conocimientos de SQLSe valora experiencia en alguna de estas tecnologías (SAP IQ, SAP DS, PowerBI, Snowflake)Autonomía en el desempeño de su trabajo (tanto en el plano técnico como en el de toma de requisitos a negocio)Facilidad para innovar y adaptarse a nuevas tecnologías. Excelentes habilidades de comunicación y trabajo en equipo. Buen nivel de inglésFluidez en inglés. ¿Qué ofrecemos?: Contrato indefinido vía LognextPlan de retribución flexibleFormación profesional: Apostamos por la formación continua de nuestros empleados.Modalidad Full Remote Si quieres trabajar de la mano de los mejores profesionales, ¡ÉSTA ES TU EMPRESA!En Lognext creemos que en la multiculturalidad existe una fuente de valores, experiencias y conocimiento, que aportan valor añadido a nuestros proyectos es por ello por lo que creemos en la diversidad y estamos comprometidos con ella. Trabajamos día a día para crear entornos en los que se trate con respeto y dignidad sin importar de donde vengas, no discriminamos por motivos de raza, religión o creencias, etnia, discapacidad, edad, nacionalidad, estado civil, orientación sexual o género
Junior Data Analyst (Remote Internship - Data Analysis)	TalentKompass Deutschland	La Palma de Cervelló, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	LOCATION: Remote WorkSCHEDULE: Part-timeAre you an aspiring data analyst seeking an unparalleled opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working with a prestigious Management Consulting firm? TalentKompass Deutschland, a leading Human Resources company based in Germany, is searching for a highly motivated Data Analysis Intern to join our esteemed client. This remote position offers a unique chance for someone passionate about data analysis and eager to learn in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.As a Data Analysis Intern, you will work closely with the analytics and consulting teams, where you will be responsible for a range of tasks, including data collection, data cleaning, and statistical analysis. You will have the extraordinary opportunity to learn from experienced professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance throughout the internship. With this internship, you will gain valuable experience in data analysis, data visualization, and teamwork - all essential skills for a successful career in this field.Responsibilities: Collect, clean, and analyze data from various sources to support consulting projectsAssist in the development of data models and statistical analysis to identify trends and insightsCollaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze dataCreate data visualizations and dashboards using tools such as Tableau or Power BIPresent findings and insights to the consulting team and contribute to project reportsParticipate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas for data-driven solutionsSupport the team with general administrative tasks as needed Requirements: Strong analytical and problem-solving skillsProficient in Microsoft Excel or other data analysis toolsExcellent written and verbal communication skills in EnglishFamiliarity with data analysis principles and practicesAbility to work independently and as part of a teamStrong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyKnowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques is a plusExperience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI is a plus At TalentKompass Deutschland, we are committed to helping our interns develop their skills and reach their full potential. Our client is a reputable Management Consulting firm that will provide invaluable experience in a competitive industry. Don't miss this fantastic opportunity to grow your career in data analysis - apply now!
Digital Data Analyst	Garaje de ideas	España (En remoto)	Lo que buscamos es…Un/a Digital Data Analyst con, al menos, 5 años de experiencia en Google Analytics, que conozca GA4, para unirse al equipo de Data en proyecto con uno de nuestros clientes internacionales, liderando la estrategia de analítica de su web comercial.Y en concreto, esto es lo que harás: Dirigir la estrategia de análisis digital proporcionando información, informes y dashboards a las distintas partes interesadas, que faciliten la toma de decisiones y ayuden a comprender el rendimiento de las distintas actividades comerciales en el ecosistema digital.Generación de insights y recomendaciones para el rendimiento de las campañas con importante foco en la actividad de conversión, trabajando con expertos en CRO y PersonalizaciónDefinir la estrategia para la correcta implementación de las herramientas de análisis digital como Google Analytics, Microsoft Clarity, BigQuery, etc.Asegurar una mejora continua de la herramienta para exprimir todas las capacidades.Evangelización interna de la disciplina desde el uso de herramientas hasta aplicaciones de casos reales. Para eso, necesitamos que tengas experiencia en… Traducir datos complejos en mensajes sencillos, trasladables a personas que no sean tan expertas en analítica como tú.Proyectos internacionales, por lo que necesitaremos que puedas desenvolverte en inglés a nivel escrito y leído. Y si puedes tener una charla fluida, mejor :)Conocimientos sobre Tag Management Systems (Google Tag Manager, Tealium, etc.)Experiencia en modelos de atribución, entendiendo cómo se comporta el usuario según el canal de adquisición web y cómo funcionan las diferentes herramientas de captación de tráfico (Google Ads, Meta, Google Search…).Conocimiento del ecosistema del Marketing Digital - disciplinas y herramientas - ej. Personalización, CRO, DMP, CDPConocimiento en proyectos con BigQuery, desde la optimización de consultas hasta la implementación de soluciones analíticas eficientes, destacándose en la gestión y transformación efectiva de grandes conjuntos de datos para impulsar decisiones estratégicas. En Garaje nos gustan las personas que…Se enorgullecen de su trabajo, dan lo mejor de sí mismas, se divierten siempre, son valientes y se arriesgan, aprenden de los errores y aman lo que hacen.Nuestra actitud se define por la pasión con la que nos involucramos en nuestros proyectos, la empatía y cercanía que mostramos hacia nuestros clientes, y nuestra ambición de ir más allá de lo correcto.En Garaje...Somos | No somos:➔ Somos humildes y cercanos [pero no serviles ni simplistas]➔ Somos apasionados y expertos [pero no abrumadores ni pretenciosos]➔ Somos makers con propósito [pero no meros hacedores o gurús]➔ Somos valientes y consecuentes [pero no insensatos o irresponsables]➔ Somos autoexigentes [pero no bloqueantes]Y las ventajas con las que contarás son: Contrato indefinido: Queremos que te sientas parte de Garaje y que puedas crecer con nosotros a largo plazo.Flexibilidad horaria: Tenemos horario flexible para que puedas adaptar tu jornada laboral a tu vida personal. Puedes ajustar tanto tu hora de entrada como de salida según las dinámicas y necesidades de conciliación, equipo y proyecto. Y en verano podrás disfrutar de jornada intensiva.Trabaja desde donde quieras y ven a cualquiera de nuestras oficinas siempre que quieras.Seguro médico con Adeslas: Accede al seguro de Garaje con beneficios fiscales. Además, puedes incluir a tu pareja e hijos. Sin copagos, carencias ni cuestionarios.Retribución flexible: Ahorra en IRPF dedicando parte de tu salario a ticket restaurante, transporte y guardería.26 días de descanso: Descansa con 23 días de vacaciones y festivos regionales. Además, te concedemos 2 días adicionales libres en Navidad y en tu cumpleaños para celebrar momentos especiales.Incentivos: Trae nuevos clientes o empleados a Garaje y te pagamos por ello. ¡Sé parte del crecimiento!Cultura de la transparencia: Creemos en la comunicación abierta y compartimos periódicamente la situación y objetivos de la compañía en nuestros All Hands, newsletter..G-Book: Nuestro oráculo. En Garaje, tenemos una guía en Notion que resuelve todo tipo de dudas. Allí, puedes encontrar respuestas a preguntas que van desde cómo solicitar días libres y conocer quién es quién, hasta cómo preparar una guía de prueba, plantillas corporativas para entregables o presentaciones de proyectos similares como referencia... ¡No te sentirás perdido!Eventos y dinámicas frecuentes: Compartimos conocimiento y aprendizajes de los proyectos constantemente. Como nos gusta pasar tiempo juntos, también organizamos eventos informales para conocernos mejor y divertirnos como equipo.Bono de 500€: Incentivamos tu desarrollo profesional con un bono de 500€ para que inviertas en formación, aprendizaje de idiomas, libros o eventos del sector.Entorno de alto crecimiento: Evoluciona tu carrera en Garaje y trabaja en equipos multidisciplinarios de Diseño, Data, Growth y Tecnología, creando experiencias, servicios y productos con impacto para grandes clientes como Vodafone, BBVA, Endesa, Banco Santander, Inditex, Telefónica, Adeslas, Repsol, IKEA, Legálitas, RBI y Grupo Dani García. Ser parte del equipo de Garaje significa tener la oportunidad de contribuir a la creación de experiencias, servicios y productos con un impacto significativo.Trabajarás entendiendo la data como una disciplina siempre ligada a todas las fases de diseño y desarrollo de producto, sentando bases sólidas en visualización, personalización y optimización para mejorar la experiencia de usuario y facilitar la toma de decisiones. ¿Qué pasará ahora?Si te suena bien, haz click en “solicitar”, ¡estamos esperando tu candidatura con ganas!Si tu perfil encaja con lo que estamos buscando, nos pondremos en contacto contigo pronto para coordinar una primera llamada telefónica de acercamiento. Si avanzas, conocerás a alguien del equipo.
Key Expert II: Data analyst in transport sector, Spain	NTU International A/S	España (En remoto)	NTU International as the consortium leader is invited to participate in the tender procedure for the JASPERS - Strategic Transport Planning on the Spanish TEN-T nodes.This project will start in January 2024 and the period of implementation of the Assignment will be 15 months from this date.Qualifications and skills☝️ General professional experience: At least a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering, Data Science, Telecommunications, Transport Engineering, Economics or equivalent. ☝️ Professional experience: At least 10 years of professional experience in data analysisDesirable: 5 years of professional experience in data analysis in the transport sectorExperience in developing data analysis in the transport sector based on big data (at least 3) ☝️ Other skills: Proficiency level of both English and Spanish is a minimum requirement. If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply and upload your CV via LinkedIn. Due to the large number of applicants, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.⏰ !!!!! Deadline: 02 December 2023To express interest, please apply and enclose your CV.Please note that only selected candidates will be contacted due to the large amount of applicants.
Data Analyst (SQL/JSON)	excelia	España (En remoto)	excelia es una firma multinacional de Consultoría, Tecnología y Servicios profesionales con más de 20 años de experiencia. Prestamos servicio en más de 50 países de Europa, América Latina y Estados Unidos desde nuestras 10 oficinas propias.🕵🏽‍♀️ ¿Qué buscamos?Estamos en la búsqueda de un perfil con 2-3 años de experiencia profesional mínima en ejecución, capaz de sumergirse en los detalles operativos, comprender a fondo los procesos y realizar una precisa parametrización y validación del modelo de datos, aún cuando este proceso no sea muy amigable para el usuario final.Para esta función, es indispensable contar con habilidades sólidas en SQL y JSON. Asimismo, se valora un sólido conocimiento funcional que permita una minuciosa evaluación de las parametrizaciones realizadas.📝 Requisitos: Dominio en SQL, Python / PySpark y experiencia en entornos Cloud, con preferencia en Azure.Experiencia específica en el trabajo con JSON.Interés por los detalles y capacidad para investigar minuciosamente los datos dentro de los modelos de la base de datos. 🛠️ ProyectoSerías un/a integrante del equipo encargado de contribuir al desarrollo de la infraestructura de la herramienta corporativa que centraliza y procesa los datos para el reporting regulatorio.Esta plataforma se encuentra implementada en una arquitectura moderna que incluye tecnologías como Azure, Snowflake, Databricks y PowerBI.¿Qué ofrecemos?📝 Contratación estable, para que puedas seguir creciendo junto a nosotros.💰 Tu banda salarial será acorde a tu experiencia y tu trayectoria profesional. 😱 Además podrás beneficiarte a través de nuestro paquete de retribución flexible.📖 Creemos en tu desarrollo profesional, por ello te ofrecemos formación continua. Queremos ayudarte a mejorar tus habilidades técnicas.🏡 Ofrecemos un modelo de trabajo en remoto para adaptarnos mejor a tus necesidades.⏰ Jornada intensiva todos los viernes del año, Julio y Agosto.¡Haz clic en "inscribirme" y forma parte de Excelia, una compañía internacional donde desarrollar todo tu talento!
Data Analyst (SAS & SQL) - German Speaker / Spain Remote	IQVIA	España (En remoto)	Join us on our exciting journey!We are recruiting a new team member to join us at our Madrid Center of Excellence office! We are looking for a Data Analyst with knowledge of statistical programming (SAS preferred) and fluent in German language.You will work in the Real-World Solutions (RWS) department within the regional business unit. The team comprises over 80+ data analysts/consultants with various capabilities in real-world evidence, epidemiology, market access and health economics.As part of a project team, you will run analyses and oversee the deliverables of projects for our top clients in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. You will work closely with the project manager: Performing strategic analyses (recurrent and ad hoc) to derive trends, conclusions, and actionable recommendations for clients on qualitative and quantitative data, including longitudinal patient and prescription datasetsEvaluating secondary data on markets, physicians, pharmacists, patients, and competitive productsWorking in close collaboration with our top pharma client’s business intelligence unitsCreating reports, presentations, and other client deliverables If you want to play a key role in a multicultural, dynamic and committed team this could be the role for you!Our ideal candidate: Skills & other requirements Completed degree in life sciences, public health, health economics, (bio)informatics, mathematics, statistics, epidemiology, or a comparable field of study.Relevant experience in data analysis, biostatistics, or epidemiology & excellent knowledge of at least one statistical programming language.Programming in SAS or knowledge in the analysis of healthcare data is a plus.Strong analytical skills and quality, customer- and solution- oriented way of working.Confident in German and English client conversations; strong communicative skills, orally and in writing.Team player, able to integrate in an international and multidisciplinary team.Confident use with Office tools, in particular Excel and PowerPoint.Ability to work independently and organize analytical tasks as part of a project team. Knowledge or experiences in the following areas are appreciated: Programming in SASSQL programmingDatabase studiesExperience in data mining and the application of SQL, or other common databases and software toolsExperience in the pharmaceutical or life sciences industryBig data We invite you to join IQVIA™IQVIA™ is a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions and clinical research services to the life sciences industry. We believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. Learn more at https://jobs.iqvia.comIQVIA™ is an equal opportunity employer. We make employment decisions based on qualifications and merit. We prohibit discrimination based on any unlawful consideration such as age, race, national origin, gender or other "protected status“.#ESPH-3463
Language Data Analyst	TELUS International	España (En remoto)	TELUS International is looking for Language Data Analysts in Barcelona, Spain to work onsite for a machine learning project! At the moment, we are looking for candidates with fluency in Hebrew to cover a temporary vacancy of undefined duration.Language Data Analysts will analyze data in a given language and identify potential issues. They will also collaborate with international testing teams and engineers to help reproduce issues and test features. Data obtained will be used to train and improve speech recognition and AI systems.RESPONSIBILITIES:Includes, but is not limited to the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Linguistic data labelling.  Analyzing language data in the given language and identifying potential issues and patterns.  Collaborating with an international testing team and engineers to help reproduce issues and test features.  Communicating with various departments.  SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:  Fluency in Hebrew .  Preferred educational background: linguistics, literature or translation.  Available to work onsite in Barcelona, Spain.  Excellent reading, writing and comprehension skills in English; ability to understand and closely follow elaborate guidelines in English.  In-depth knowledge of native culture and history, staying up to date with day-to-day news and happenings in the target country and regular use of the language required.  Strong attention to detail and ability to meet project targets.  Self-motivated and able to work as part of the team or independently.  Good computer and software skills across different operating systems.  Strong typing skills.  Good organizational skills  Adaptable to changing environments.  WHAT WE OFFER:  Attractive salary  Fixed-term contract with TELUS International  Referral program with attractive bonuses  Private medical insurance for employees and relatives  Great office at a top location  Positive international working environment (relaxing zones, terrace, kitchen)  Discounts in gym memberships  Career development opportunities  No overtime or weekend work  Continuous support and learning  Access to counseling sessions  If this opportunity sounds appealing to you, apply now! Kindly attach your CV in English. Please note that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. ABOUT US:AI Data SolutionsCreating and enhancing the world's data to enable better AI via human intelligence.We strive to enhance the world's data to enable better AI through human intelligence. Our team of data, technology, and project management professionals work with companies to test and improve machine learning models. We handle various data types, including text, images, audio, video, and geo. Our solutions improve AI systems in multiple applications, such as advanced smart products, improved search results, expanded speech recognition, more human-like bot interactions, and more.TELUS International values diversity and grants equal opportunity regardless of age, civil status, disability, gender, nationality, race, religion and political beliefs, sex or sexual orientation.Additional Job DescriptionTELUS International is looking for Language Data Analysts (various languages) in Barcelona, Spain.EEO StatementAt TELUS International, we enable customer experience innovation through spirited teamwork, agile thinking, and a caring culture that puts customers first. TELUS International is the global arm of TELUS Corporation, one of the largest telecommunications service providers in Canada. We deliver contact center and business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions to some of the world's largest corporations in the consumer electronics, finance, telecommunications and utilities sectors. With global call center delivery capabilities, our multi-shore, multi-language programs offer safe, secure infrastructure, value-based pricing, skills-based resources and exceptional customer service - all backed by TELUS, our multi-billion dollar telecommunications parent.Equal Opportunity EmployerAt TELUS International, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. All aspects of employment, including the decision to hire and promote, are based on applicants’ qualifications, merits, competence and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity.
(Part Time Job)Online Data Analyst - Spain	TELUS International AI Data Solutions	España (En remoto)	Description and RequirementsTELUS International AI-Data Solutions partners with a diverse and vibrant community to help our customers enhance their AI and machine learning models. The work of our AI Community contributes to improving technology and the digital experiences of many people around the world. Our AI Community works in our proprietary AI training platform handling all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. We offer flexible work-from-home opportunities for people with passion for languages. The jobs are part-time, and there is no fixed schedule. Whoever you are, wherever you come from, come join our global AI community. www.telusinternational.com We are hiring freelance English and Spanish speaking Online Data Analysts for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography.  This is a freelance position on a flexible schedule - you can work in your own time whenever work is available. You will be completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment, eg verifying and comparing data, determining the relevance and accuracy of information. You will be provided with guidelines for each task, which need to be followed. The project offers a variety of tasks, and work is paid per task. Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in English and SpanishYou must be living in Spain the last 2 consecutive yearsAbility to follow guidelines and do research online using search engines, online maps and website information You must have familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in SpainBeing open to work across a diverse set of Task Types (e.g. Maps, News, Audio tasks, Relevance) Applicants must be 18 years or over.  Working on this project will require you to go through a standard recruitment process (including passing an open book assessment). This is a long-term project and your work will occasionally be subject to quality assurance checks. Why Join the TELUS International AI Community?  Earn extra incomeAccess to our community wellbeing initiative Remote work & Location IndependenceBe your own boss Flexible Hours to fit in with your lifestyle Be a part of an online community Additional Job Description We are hiring freelance English & Spanish speaking Online Data Analyst’s for a project aimed at improving the content and quality of digital maps, which are used by millions of users globally. The job would suit someone who is detail-oriented, likes doing research and has a good knowledge of national and local geography. EEO Statement At TELUS International, we enable customer experience innovation through spirited teamwork, agile thinking, and a caring culture that puts customers first. TELUS International is the global arm of TELUS Corporation, one of the largest telecommunications service providers in Canada. We deliver contact center and business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions to some of the world's largest corporations in the consumer electronics, finance, telecommunications and utilities sectors. With global call center delivery capabilities, our multi-shore, multi-language programs offer safe, secure infrastructure, value-based pricing, skills-based resources and exceptional customer service - all backed by TELUS, our multi-billion dollar telecommunications parent.
Senior Data Analyst - Spain Remote	Vista	España (En remoto)	Our TeamVista’s Engineering organization is working to make our company one of the world’s most well-known and successful data-driven companies. The cross-functional team includes analysts, product owners, technologists, data engineers, and more – all passionate about providing Vista with information and tools we can use to deliver jaw-dropping customer value. Engineering team members are empowered to learn new skills, communicate openly, and be active problem-solvers. Find out more at https://vista.io/The Promo Optimization team is dedicated to streamlining data accessibility and minimizing effort for our Promo Strategy and Marketing partners. We focus on developing cutting-edge machine learning solutions that enhance data-driven decision-making, enabling stakeholders to deliver targeted and impactful promotions, delighting our customers with tempting offers. Our team is dedicated to creating essential tools that empower our marketing teams to precisely gauge campaign performance and the true incremental impact of that campaign.As a Senior Analyst in this role, you'll be a crucial part of improving our ability to understand how well our promotional campaigns are doing. You'll create easy-to-understand visuals to help us see the results more clearly. With this data and these visuals, you'll develop the idea of improving and automating our campaign processes. Your work will involve experimenting, checking how they perform, and digging deep into our campaign data to find new ideas to test and valuable insights to use.What You Will Do  Translate the sophisticated into the simple and concrete. Through data exploration, visualization, and storytelling, you will identify trends and drivers from our extensive data sets and identify new priority focal areas that lead to better customer experiences and business outcomes; Take the lead on running end-to-end experimentation. We see our experimentation practice as cyclical – we take insights or outcomes from past experiments or data points, build hypotheses, design new tests to build upon this knowledge, and then evaluate to generate further hypotheses and insights; In our dynamic data product team, you'll collaborate closely with Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Promotion Strategists/Specialists, and other D Data Analysts. Together, we're dedicated to crafting groundbreaking tools that improve the measurement and efficiency of promotional campaigns. You will, however, also be part of our analytics community, where you can draw upon analytics standard methodologies and collaborate with other like-minded analysts; RoleJoin our team and contribute to impactful projects. Here are a few examples of the initiatives we're working on, and you'll play a crucial role in supporting them:  Identify reusable campaigns based on the true incremental impact of previous campaigns; Build user-friendly, diligent analytics tools to streamline promotion campaign planning and suggest the best discounts for maximum efficiency; Create experiments to test a personalized promotion campaign and determine the impact of these campaigns. Your Qualifications  2+ years in an analytics environment to drive important business /customer impact; Proficient in SQL queries data visualization experience (ideally in Looker, Tableau, Power BI, or similar); Skilled in exploratory analysis and statistical techniques, driven to find meaningful patterns and trends in the data; Strong problem-solving skills (ability to translate a business ask into a very concrete question and break it into important analyses); Compelling communication (articulate your message clearly based on your audience). At Vista, we are striving to hire individuals that add new ideas and perspectives to our teams and enhance our culture.No matter your background or work experience, we strongly encourage you to apply — even if you feel that you don’t meet the exact requirements or have the same qualifications.You might be a great candidate for this or other opportunities.Nice To Have  Knowledge of Python; Experience with Optimizely, Statsig, or similar experimentation tools; Experience in designing/monitoring and analyzing experiments (A/B, multi-variant, Bayesian, multi-arm-bandit) using statistical rigor and able to guide collaborators on accurately interpreting the test results. Why You'll Love Working HereThere is a lot to love about working at Vista. We are an award winning Remote-First company. We’re an inclusive community. We’re growing (which means you can too).And to help orient us all in the same direction, we have our Vista Behaviors which exemplify the behavioral attributes that make us a culturally strong and high performing team.About UsVista is the design and marketing partner to millions of small businesses around the world. For over 20 years we’ve been inspired by small businesses, and we work incessantly to deliver solutions to their evolving needs. VistaCreate, 99designs by Vista and VistaPrint, all under the parent brand Vista, represents a full-service design, digital and print solution, elevating small businesses’ presence in physical and digital spaces and powering them to achieve success. Vista is focused on making great marketing and design accessible to every small business owner, allowing them to create a cohesive brand image for use in-store, online and on-the-go.Commitment To Diversity, Equity, & InclusionVista exists to help our customers live their dreams. Each dream is unique – and the Vista team needs to be as well. We believe in the unique contributions of everyone within a diverse global organization. We are collaborative, inclusive, and innovative. We strive to role model and live an inclusive culture of fairness, respect and belonging for all. And we work together to empower each other, creating a space in which each of us can spark our next great idea.Equal Opportunity EmployerVista, a Cimpress company, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national or ethnic origin, nationality, age, religion, citizenship, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender presentation, legal or preferred name, marital status, pregnancy, family structure, veteran status or any other basis protected by human rights laws or regulations. This list is not exhaustive and, in fact, in many cases, we strive to do more than the law requires.
Data Analyst (AWS)	knowmad mood	Barcelona y alrededores (En remoto)	¡Somos knowmad mood, anteriormente atSistemas!Acabamos de cruzar el umbral de los 2400 talentos y seguimos apostando por la tecnología y la innovación, y queremos contar contigo.En estos momentos estamos buscando incorporar al equipo un/a Data Analyst con al menos 3 años de experiencia para participar dentro de un proyecto internacional en una importante multinacional farmacéutica.¿𝐐𝐮é 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐢𝐚𝐬 𝐞𝐬𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐦𝐨𝐬 𝐝𝐞 𝐭𝐢? Experiencia en creación de ETL a través de bases de datos relacionales.Conocimiento de bases de datos relacionales (PostgreSQL, SQL, Oracle, otras).Experiencia con Data lake y Data Warehouse.Amplia experiencia en análisis de datos.Experiencia con herramientas de AWS y bases de datos en la nube.Conocimiento sobre Snowflake, Athena y otras herramientas de AWS relacionadas con bases de datos. ¿Cuáles serán tus funciones? Responsable de crear, comprender y documentar la lógica detrás de las capas de datos de configuración y aplicación para Batch Context Engine desde los sistemas fuente hasta las tablas de salida definidas.Crear, construir e implementar bases de datos y sus modelos de datos que cumplan con los requisitos de la organización.Debe trabajar en estrecha colaboración con las partes interesadas. ¿Desde dónde trabajarás?Híbrido: 1 día presencial en las oficinas de cliente en San Cugat del Vallés.No hay intensiva los viernes y en verano, pero se flexibiliza el horario.¿Qué implica formar parte de knowmad mood? 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦Plan de carrera 🏄 Tu crecimiento es el nuestro, por eso, todos nuestros profesionales tienen a su disposición procesos diseñados específicamente para sus funciones dentro de la compañía: modelo de competencias, evaluaciones, planes de formación y certificación, proyectos y eventos.Retribución Flexible 💰Podrás optar por cheques restaurante, cheques guardería, tarjeta de transporte, o seguro médico. Junto los beneficios y descuentos que te proponemos al unirte al Club de ventajas.Conciliación vida familiar y laboral 💆Nos gusta que tengas equilibrio en tu vida personal y en tu carrera profesional, por lo que disfrutamos de 22 días de vacaciones + 2 días de libre disposición + 24 y 31 de diciembre, además de opciones de teletrabajo, horario flexible y jornada intensiva los viernes y en verano.Formación continua 💻 como medio para conseguir el desarrollo personal y profesional de nuestros compañeros. Tendrás opciones para formarte en últimas tecnologías, inglés, competencias/habilidades. Además de nuestro programa de certificaciones oficiales y las licencias de Udemy Business.Wellness 🔋Promovemos un estilo de vida saludable entre todos los que formamos knowmad mood y, por eso, contamos con varias iniciativas que fomentan nuestra salud y bienestar. Nuestro equipo de People Care está siempre a tu disposición para que las experiencias en knowmad mood sean humanas y lo más alegres posible.Nos gusta celebrar los momentos especiales 🎉 Así que estate atento a lo largo del año porque recibirás alguna que otra sorpresa...¡entre otras muchas cosas!Si tienes cualquier duda o quieres ampliar la información, no dudes en contactar con cualquiera de los compañeros de People & Talent.
Lead Data Analyst	Garaje de ideas	España (En remoto)	Lo que buscamos es…Una persona con expertise en Analítica Digital con Adobe que entienda todo el ciclo de vida del dato. Será la persona responsable de liderar el Hub de analítica de Adobe, la estrategia de los proyectos y la interlocución con clientes, trabajando mano a mano con el responsable de Data.Nos gustaría que esta persona nos ayudara a expandir el conocimiento de la disciplina de forma transversal entre diferentes equipos, a evolucionarlo y que nos posicione como referencia por su capacidad de innovación y su delivery.Y en concreto, esto es lo que harás: Liderar el Hub de analítica de Adobe en Garaje para diferentes clientes.Definir la estrategia y estructura del etiquetado, medición, dashboards, analítica y testing así como el equipo de integraciones necesaria.Identificación y creación de KPIs digitales, fichas de tests, análisis y seguimiento de resultados de los cambios aplicados.Interlocutar con cliente de forma frecuente y directa, convirtiéndote en su partner.Liderar proyectos de analítica, liderando, por un lado, la parte técnica, y por otro gestionando al equipo y a la cuenta.Coordinar a los equipos técnicos de los proyectos y propiciar un ambiente de trabajo positivo y exigente que genere buenas experiencias y un alto rendimiento.Trabajar y colaborar con especialistas en analítica, UX, UI, desarrollo, etc.Participar en proyectos nacionales e internacionales.  Para eso, necesitamos que tengas experiencia en… Experiencia en Analítica web con Adobe, transformando los objetivos de negocio en soluciones de optimización.Conocimiento profundo de la suite de Adobe, así como trabajando en la estrategia de recolección de los datos y análisis.Te desenvuelvas con herramientas de behavioral analytics, como Amplitude.Conocimiento de herramientas de BI para explotación y visualización de datos.Hayas trabajado en proyectos con otros países, para lo que deberás desenvolverte en inglés como pez en el agua.Sepas traducir datos complejos en mensajes sencillos, trasladables a personas que no sean tan expertas en analítica como tú.Seas una persona analítica, organizada y autónoma.Te orientes a la detección de problemas y solución de los mismos.Tengas buenas dotes de comunicación, proactividad y actitud positiva. En Garaje nos gustan las personas que…Se enorgullecen de su trabajo, dan lo mejor de sí mismas, se divierten siempre, son valientes y se arriesgan, aprenden de los errores y aman lo que hacen.Nuestra actitud se define por la pasión con la que nos involucramos en nuestros proyectos, la empatía y cercanía que mostramos hacia nuestros clientes, y nuestra ambición de ir más allá de lo correcto.En Garaje...Somos | No somos:➔ Somos humildes y cercanos [pero no serviles ni simplistas]➔ Somos apasionados y expertos [pero no abrumadores ni pretenciosos]➔ Somos makers con propósito [pero no meros hacedores o gurús]➔ Somos valientes y consecuentes [pero no insensatos o irresponsables]➔ Somos autoexigentes [pero no bloqueantes]Y las ventajas con las que contarás son: Contrato indefinido: Queremos que te sientas parte de Garaje y que puedas crecer con nosotros a largo plazo.Flexibilidad horaria: Tenemos horario flexible para que puedas adaptar tu jornada laboral a tu vida personal. Puedes ajustar tanto tu hora de entrada como de salida según las dinámicas y necesidades de conciliación, equipo y proyecto. Y en verano podrás disfrutar de jornada intensiva.Trabaja desde donde quieras y ven a cualquiera de nuestras oficinas siempre que quieras.Seguro médico con Adeslas: Accede al seguro de Garaje con beneficios fiscales. Además, puedes incluir a tu pareja e hijos. Sin copagos, carencias ni cuestionarios.Retribución flexible: Ahorra en IRPF dedicando parte de tu salario a ticket restaurante, transporte y guardería.26 días de descanso: Descansa con 23 días de vacaciones y festivos regionales. Además, te concedemos 2 días adicionales libres en Navidad y en tu cumpleaños para celebrar momentos especiales.Incentivos: Trae nuevos clientes o empleados a Garaje y te pagamos por ello. ¡Sé parte del crecimiento!Cultura de la transparencia: Creemos en la comunicación abierta y compartimos periódicamente la situación y objetivos de la compañía en nuestros All Hands, newsletter..G-Book: Nuestro oráculo. En Garaje, tenemos una guía en Notion que resuelve todo tipo de dudas. Allí, puedes encontrar respuestas a preguntas que van desde cómo solicitar días libres y conocer quién es quién, hasta cómo preparar una guía de prueba, plantillas corporativas para entregables o presentaciones de proyectos similares como referencia... ¡No te sentirás perdido!Eventos y dinámicas frecuentes: Compartimos conocimiento y aprendizajes de los proyectos constantemente. Como nos gusta pasar tiempo juntos, también organizamos eventos informales para conocernos mejor y divertirnos como equipo.Bono de 500€: Incentivamos tu desarrollo profesional con un bono de 500€ para que inviertas en formación, aprendizaje de idiomas, libros o eventos del sector.Entorno de alto crecimiento: Evoluciona tu carrera en Garaje y trabaja en equipos multidisciplinarios de Diseño, Data, Growth y Tecnología, creando experiencias, servicios y productos con impacto para grandes clientes como Vodafone, BBVA, Endesa, Banco Santander, Inditex, Telefónica, Adeslas, Repsol, IKEA, Legálitas, RBI y Grupo Dani García. Ser parte del equipo de Garaje significa tener la oportunidad de contribuir a la creación de experiencias, servicios y productos con un impacto significativo.Trabajarás entendiendo la data como una disciplina siempre ligada a todas las fases de diseño y desarrollo de producto, sentando bases sólidas en visualización, personalización y optimización para mejorar la experiencia de usuario y facilitar la toma de decisiones. ¿Qué pasará ahora?Si te suena bien, haz click en “solicitar”, ¡estamos esperando tu candidatura con ganas!Si tu perfil encaja con lo que estamos buscando, nos pondremos en contacto contigo pronto para coordinar una primera llamada telefónica de acercamiento. Si avanzas, seguramente conocerás a alguien del equipo.
Senior Data Analyst	Minsait	España (En remoto)	More digital. More human. More Minsait.Somos una empresa líder global de tecnología y consultoría digital que conecta personas, tecnología y negocios para generar crecimiento, transformación e impacto positivo y sostenible.Buscamos Senior Data Analyst, interesados en trabajar en nuestros equipos multidisciplinares del área de DATA.¿Cuál es el reto que te proponemos? Participación en proyectos punteros del ámbito de DATA.Estarás en contacto continuo con las novedades tecnológicas, impulsando la transformación digital.Participarás en proyectos y desarrollos que tienen una alta visibilidad y que marcan la diferencia con soluciones disruptivas y especializadas para toda la cadena de valor.Te ofrecemos una formación continua dentro del área. ¿Qué esperamos por tu parte? Experiencia superior a 4 años en proyectos del ámbito de DATA. Experiencia con modelado multidimensional de datos. ETLs Reporting Inglés Se valorarán los siguientes conocimientos: Ingeniería de Datos. Azure, Google Cloud, AWS. Motivos por los que te encantará ser un #Minsaiter: Conciliación y equilibrio: 32 días laborables de descanso, jornada intensiva en verano y teletrabajo.Carrera profesional y formación continua adaptada a tus necesidades y motivaciones.Contrato indefinido y retribución competitiva, seguro de vida y acceso a planes de retribución flexible.Programa de bienestar con acceso a una red de gimnasios, servicio de telemedicina en línea gratuita y otras ventajas. Minsait, technology for a more human future!Nuestro compromiso es promover ambientes de trabajo en los que se trate con respeto y dignidad a las personas, procurando el desarrollo profesional de la plantilla y garantizando la igualdad de oportunidades en su selección, formación y promoción ofreciendo un entorno de trabajo libre de cualquier discriminación por motivo de género, edad, discapacidad, orientación sexual, identidad o expresión de género, religión, etnia, estado civil o cualquier otra circunstancia personal o social.
Data Analyst (Full remote within Spain)	Leadtech Group	España (En remoto)	We are looking for a Data Analyst who is passionate about their work, adapts easily, and shares our company values!A Little Bit About UsLeadtech has been fostering and developing innovative digital businesses across several industries since 2009. It has since then expanded to a team of over 500 committed employees working all over Spain. We are thrilled to have more than 23 nationalities working together and very proud to see that our products and services are enjoyed by millions of users monthly around the globe.ResponsibilitiesYou’re our perfect candidate if you: Conduct thorough data analysis to identify patterns, trends, and improvement opportunities within datasetsCreate effective reports and visualizations to communicate key findings to the company's teams and support data-informed decision-makingCollaborate closely with business intelligence specialists, data scientists and other team members to develop predictive models and data-driven solutionsPerform ad-hoc research to address specific business-related questionsContinually maintain and enhance data quality, ensuring data integrity and accuracyParticipate in the identification and collection of new data relevant to business objectivesContribute to the evaluation of new tools and technologies for data management and analysisStrong analytical skillsOutstanding oral and written communication skills as well as interpersonal skills RequirementsYour expertise in a nutshell: Bachelor's degree in a related field, such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering (Industrial Engineering, Telecommunications Engineering), or a similar disciplineDemonstrated experience in data analysis, preferably in a Data Science environmentSolid knowledge of data analysis tools, such as KNIME, SPSS, or similar toolsExperience with databases and query languages, such as SQLAbility to create effective visualizations using tools like Qlik Sense, QlikView or similarStrong communication skills and the ability to translate technical findings into clear business recommendationsTeamwork and collaboration skills to work closely with other data professionals and cross-functional teamsProactive attitude and results-orientedBasic knowledge of machine learning and statistics techniques is a plus BenefitsPerks of being one of us Top-notch private health insurance — includes dental and psychological servicesFull-time, permanent contractFlexible time off, no blackout dates, plus your birthday, Christmas’ Eve and New Year’s Eve offRemote work OR come into the office if you prefer!Flextime (7 – 9:30 a.m. / 3:30 – 7:30 p.m)Free Friday afternoons (a 7-hour workday!) + 35-hour week in July and August (free afternoons here we come!)Enhanced career path designed just for youExternal training budgetOther: ticket restaurant, nursery ticketsBudget for team-building activitiesWe celebrate all company landmarksAnd when you come into the office, you’ll get free coffee and snacks, fresh fruit, and can enjoy our game room and the cool terrace overlooking the Mediterranean Sounds good? Apply now! We’re looking forward to getting to know you.Equal Employment Opportunity Employer:Leadtech is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer, which means we encourage applications from people with different backgrounds, interests, and personal circumstances. Our team welcomes applicants regardless of their race, gender, age, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, and/or disabilities. All we need is your high energy, skills, and willingness to be a part of a great project!LocationYou'll have the flexibility to choose whether you'd like to come to the office every day, from time to time, or work fully remote. We want you to find the best combination for you.If you prefer to be surrounded with amazing people, our exceptional office is in Barcelona’s Blue Building, located right on the city's seafront. Besides our stunning views, you’ll enjoy our office perks such as free fruit, snacks, and coffee and you’ll also be able to take part in our Mario Kart and table tennis competitions.The personal data you provide will be processed in order to manage your candidacy for the corporate selection processes that fit your profile. If you wish, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification or cancellation by writing to our address (Avenida Litoral, 12-14, 5ta planta. Barcelona. 08005) or to the email address protecciondedatos@LeadTech.com, attaching to your request a document that can validate your identity.Apply for this job
CMC Data Analyst	Planet Pharma	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Location - UK, Europe, Switzerland (Home Based) travel to site 2-4 days a monthStart: Now-end of FebLength - 12 months Budget - Market RateBackground: They will be working with data from CMC (protocols, method data), Tech Ops, MES (manufacturing) (will be 1/3 or 1/4 initially) and lab - this will come later on (stability stress testing, intermediate data captures, end reports). The users really need support and this is why 'presence' is important. Day to day they will be working with business users to get what they need and so communicating with the stakeholders and CDMOs to be able to deliver. Requirements to sub:- Circa 5-7 years as a Data Analyst in relevant teams (CMC, Tech Ops, DS, DP, Supply Chain and MES)- Proactive and keen communicator and collaborator. - - Must understand the manufacturing, CMC, Tech ops processes, understand the data and then be able to educate users on what to do with it (and for example how they can use it to format for a dossier). - Experience in the following : Excel, SAS/JMP, Tableau, Power BI, SQL, R, Python.- Knowledge, experience and interest in 'Digital CMC' would be advantageous,JD: Chemical Manufacturing and Control Data Analyst Responsibilities:  Collaborate with internal DS, DP, AD, Supply Chain and Quality to identify data reporting requirements Partner with Business Information Services and CDMOs to obtain appropriate data sets in support of such reportingGenerate automated reports and dashboards to communicate data insights and trends to stakeholdersPerform statistical and process capability analysisDeliver custom reports supporting regulatory reporting obligationsClean, process and analyze data so it can be turned into meaningful output for the various teamsIdentify and troubleshoot data quality issues and anomalies based on parameters as defined in the QTPPIdentify opportunities to automatize repetitive tasks across the different teams  Requirements:  Bachelor’s degree in chemistry, biochemistry, biotechnology, or related fieldExperience in data analysis and reporting in the biopharmaceutical industryKnowledge of chemical/Biological manufacturing and control principles and techniquesProficiency in data analysis tools and software such as Excel, SQL, R, Python, JMP/SAS, Power BI, Tableau ....Proficiency in machine learning
Market Research & Data Analyst	Mews	Unión Europea (En remoto)	🌍 Can you help us change the world?Yes, you read that correctly. It sounds grand, but we’ve got big ideas at Mews. We’re transforming the world of hospitality, re-imagining the industry with a best-in-class cloud-based property management solution for hotels, hostels, apartments, and so much more.We’re on the lookout for ambitious, tenacious and passionate people who want to join the next generation of innovators and disrupt the hospitality industry with us. Sound good so far? If you’re a Sales Manager keep reading and tumble down the Mews rabbit hole... 🐇🧑🏻‍💻 About the roleFirst things first: you want to know what you’re actually applying for. It’s impossible to capture every nuance of a role – especially at a rapidly growing company like Mews – but if we had to distil it down to a job description (which we do because this is a job description), it would be this:Reporting to the Director of Market Research and Intelligence at Mews, and working together with the Market Research Lead, the Market Research Analyst will specialise in data collection, analysis, and reporting to support research on the global hospitality market.The successful candidate will play a critical role in delivering market intelligence and research at Mews - supporting the Market Research Lead on data focused components of projects to ensure their delivery makes an impact.You will be entrepreneurial, highly analytical, a team player, and only satisfied when your work has a deep, meaningful impact. You will have a desire to break new ground and experiment. This role will enable you to do this, through offering opportunities to develop and be part of a range of innovative research and intelligence projects.Your primary focus will be delivering research projects - making key contributions through the application of data analytics, which may include the use of web, official and open data. Where needed, you come up with innovative solutions to data problems. Alongside this work you will be required to develop new insights work, projects and contribute to commercial opportunities.✅ Your mission, should you choose to accept it: A highly proficient and enterprising data analyst with 1-3 years working experience.Support technical decisionsCollaborate with members of the business, technical and leadership teamsProviding expertise, data support and advice on technical and non-technical issues associated with data analysis, methods and useWork in cross-organisational teams split across multiple geographies. Working knowledge of Agile/ Kanban methods a plusWilling enthusiast to create change and spearhead adoption of data best practises, standards, and governanceImplement processes and good practice related to data collection, storage, sharing, modelling, analysis, visualisation and managementAble to assess project scope and define timelines, plans, and roadmapAble to suggest improvement opportunities and identify solutions to technical challenges to support the Research and Intelligence team and colleagues at Mews more broadlyCommitment to data quality and operational excellencePromote a development environment that is agile, fast-paced, and iterative 🤝️ You’ll be a great fit if you bring a few of the below with yo Excellent problem solving skills - you thrive when it comes to identifying problems and coming up with creative solutionsEnjoy building something with other people, and love to see how your analysis and insights have a real-world impactHighly experienced with data and statistics management - ability to work with a range of data from official statistics to web data (and everything in between)Highly developed understanding of data science, and statistical methodsHighly experienced in using Python and SQL. Experience in statistical modelling or machine learning is a plus Curious about broader economic trends, and the impact that this has on hospitality, hotels, and their servicesAbility to critically interpret, evaluate and consolidate information into written research reportsKnowledge about the global hospitality market, key characteristics, and market dynamics is a plus  🎉 What’s in it for you?Did you know that Mews has been voted the Best Place to Work in Hotel Tech for 2 years running? You do now. Most of that is down to our inspiring team, but part of it is because of some pretty amazing perks. As well as awesome colleagues and stimulating work, you'll get: Participation in the Company shares programBest-in-class Parental Leave Policy. At Mews, as the primary caregiver you get 6 months of fully paid parental leave, and as a secondary caregiver, you get 2 months of fully paid parental leave. (No matter your location, this can be used during the 1st year and applies if you've been employed for at least 1 year at Mews)Flexible Benefits via the ThanksBen platformUnlimited paid holiday (no, this is not a typo)Wellness Wednesday's (where every last Wednesday of the month, the whole company enjoys a paid day off to attend to your own well-being)Remote/flexible working (we're 100% hybrid-proof, but we cannot hire from anywhere in the world unfortunately, so feel free to reach out and check with us!)Monthly working from home allowance and a monthly healthcare insurance allowance (we want you to be happy & healthy)Regular team events and socials 🤷🏻 Who is Mews?We want to get to know you, so it’s only fair we tell you a little bit about ourselves first. Mews has been transforming hospitality since 2012. What began in a single hotel in Prague now powers thousands of hotels around the world, as they pursue their mission to develop transformational solutions for brands and create remarkable experiences for guests.Since the beginning, Mews embraced being different. Mews is not simply a property management system, but a connected hospitality cloud with products across the hotel ecosystem and more integrations than anyone else.From global hospitality brands to independent properties, hoteliers join Mews because they recognize the power of innovation. They understand that they can benefit from hotel tech that drives efficiency, maximizes revenue, and improves guest happiness.Mews serves over 3,000 properties across more than 70 countries around the globe and works with a huge number of hotel tech partners to provide hoteliers with an unbeatable connectivity – no other solution offers as many integrations.At the 2020 HotelTechAwards, Mews was voted Best PMS by industry peers. Mews was also a Best PMS Finalist in 2021 and 2022, as well as being named Best Place to Work in Hotel Tech in the same years. Mews ranked 24th in the FT 1000 fastest growing European companies in 2021.💭 Life at Mews That’s what we do, but what about who we are? Mews’ culture is special and difficult to capture in words, which makes writing this tricky. You'll experience the freedom to be yourself and the ability to watch your ideas come to life. You’ll have an open line of communication and an open invitation to after-work drinks, be they virtual or in-person. Sometimes the work can be challenging and there can be a lot of it, but you’ll always be able to rely on those around you.Yes, we’re ambitious and we move fast, but we know the value of fun and taking a breather. Every month we have a Wellness Wednesday, a day off that you can use to boost your health, whether that’s a long lie-in, a trip to the gym, or anything in between. We have slack channels for almost every interest imaginable, and an all-company meeting every Friday gives you the chance to ask any question to our leadership team.Oh, and we love our pets ❤️. To get more of an idea what life at Mews is like (and to see dozens of cute cats, dogs, and hamsters), check out our Instagram 🐾. We’re guided by our five key values; if you see yourself in them, it’s time to get in touch.
Analista de datos	Voiping US	España (En remoto)	¡En Voiping US seleccionamos Talento!Desde el Departamento de Talento & Recruitment de Voiping US, seleccionamos un perfil Experto Técnico de Pentaho- Kettle, para incorporarse en el equipo de uno de nuestros clientes más importantes y reconocido dentro del sector IT.¿Crees que es el momento de seguir creciendo profesionalmente? Esta oportunidad es para ti, estamos buscando profesionales con nuevos objetivos, con ganas de trabajar y con mucha pasión para formar parte de un gran equipo de trabajo.Requisitos: Experiencia avanzada en Pentaho y Kettle Condiciones:- Modalidad 100% remoto.- Contrato indefinido.Si cuentas con los requisitos necesarios y te interesa un nuevo proyecto con reubicación en España. ¡Inscríbete! y contactaremos posteriormente a la mayor brevedad posible y te comentaremos más detalles de nuestra propuesta.Si te interesa escuchar nuestra propuesta, puedes enviar tu CV actualizado a: cnavas@voiping.esMuchas gracias.Voiping US ¡Crecemos Juntos!
Data Analyst - PowerBI & Log Analytics	Between Technology	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	¿Quieres desarrollar tu carrera en el mundo de los datos? ¿Te interesa trabajar con Azure y PowerBI?En BETWEEN apostamos por el mejor talento dentro del sector tecnológico. Nos involucramos en una gran variedad de proyectos punteros, trabajando con las últimas tecnologías. Actualmente en BETWEEN contamos con un equipo de más de 800 personas.Trabajamos en ámbitos como BI, IoT, Big Data e I+D. En el área de Operaciones implantamos proyectos de Service Desk, Infraestructuras IT y proyectos Cloud, entre otros.Actualmente seleccionamos un/a BI Developer para incorporarse de forma indefinida en uno de los equipos de Data que Between tiene implantados en uno de nuestros principales clientes.La persona seleccionada desarrollará reportes en PowerBI para diversas áreas de negocio dentro del sector energía. ¿Qué haré? Estas serán tus funciones principales:  Te encargarás del desarrollo de nuevos dashboards y mantenimiento de los existentes Trabajarás en Azure Portals con Azure Log Analytics Serás responsable de la resolución de incidencias Recogerás requerimientos y harás propuestas de mejora ¿Cómo lo haré? Tendrás a tu alcance:  Metodologías ágiles de trabajo Trabajarás multiproyecto bajo supervisión mínima Si eres BETWEENER obtendrás estos beneficios: Seguro médico con Sanitas.Dispondrás de oportunidades de formación y desarrollo profesional: Idiomas, cursos en Udemy, Certificaciones, Programa The Power Business School y Bootcamps especializados (Agile, DevOps, IA & Big Data, Ciberseguridad, etc.).Contarás con un equipo de Talento que te acompañará durante toda tu experiencia con nosotros. ¡Haremos un café una vez al mes! Así, mantendremos el contacto.Pondremos a tu disposición un amplio abanico de retos y proyectos acordes con tus objetivos personales y profesionales.Posibilidad de elegir cómo obtener parte de tu salario gracias a las ventajas fiscales de nuestra Retribución Flexible (Ticket restaurant, Ticket transporte, Ticket guardería).Descuentos para acceder a centros de Fitness con Gympass.Acceso a nuestro Club de Descuentos: Inspiring Benefits.En BETWEEN nos gusta mucho hacer networking, por lo que te invitaremos a participar en todos estos eventos ¡y más!: las BETWEEN Nights, torneos deportivos, Black Mamba Race, viernes de vermut, juegos de mesa, etc.Podrás disfrutar de nuestras fantásticas oficinas del 22@ las cuales disponen de Rooftop, tirador de cerveza, mesa de ping-pong y futbolín.Programa de recomendación remunerado de Talento.En BETWEEN, la igualdad de oportunidades es uno de nuestros valores. Nuestro compromiso es contratar al mejor talento independientemente de su raza, religión, sexo, edad y personas con otras capacidades y promover su desarrollo profesional y personal. Requisitos:Imprescindible: Experiencia mínima de 3 años con PowerBI (DAX, M, PowerQuery, Data Flows)Experiencia en integración de Log Analytics con PowerBIExperiencia en Cloud Inglés avanzado Valorable: Imprescindible persona proactiva, capaz de trabajar de forma autónoma.Experiencia en SQL
Global Commercial Data Analyst – Data Projects (Anywhere in Europe)	Viatris	España (En remoto)	7090 Mylan Healthcare Sp. z o.oAt VIATRIS, we see healthcare not as it is but as it should be. We act courageously and are uniquely positioned to be a source of stability in a world of evolving healthcare needs.Viatris empowers people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life.We do so via:Access – Providing high quality trusted medicines regardless of geography or circumstance;Leadership – Advancing sustainable operations and innovative solutions to improve patient health; andPartnership – Leveraging our collective expertise to connect people to products and services.As the Global Commercial Data Analyst - Data Projects, you will be analyzing commercial datasets to identify patterns, trends, and insights, and managing commercial analytics projects to enable data and insights that can drive strategic initiatives; This role requires a deep understanding of data management, data integration, and data analysis techniques, as well as strong analytical, statistical, and programming skills. You will work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including IT and business stakeholders, to ensure the accuracy and integrity of linked datasets.Key Responsibilities For This Role Include Design and manage data management workstreams to process, integrate and curate datasets from across commercial data sourcesLeverage relevant tools and platforms to design models and processes to support deriving actionable insightsValidate and curate data to ensure data quality, accuracy, and integrityCollaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and develop data management and governance strategiesDevelop and maintain documentation of data provenance, management and consumption pipeline, including data mapping, data transformation, and data validation steps, to ensure repeatability and reproducibility of processesStay up-to-date with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies related to data linkage, data management, and data analysis, and provide recommendations for continuous improvement The Qualifications For This Role Are Bachelor's or master’s degree in computer science, Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, or a related fieldAt least 5 - 7 years of experience in commercial data management, data analytics and data scienceMinimum of 3 - 4 years of experience in pharma industry and / or with pharma commercial data setsPrior experience in data integration, and data analysis, preferably in a pharmaceutical setting.Strong technical skills, including prior experience in SQL (ideal), Python (preferred), and other data processing tools and languages.Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to work with large and complex datasets.Strong attention to detail and accuracyAbility to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to communicate complex ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences with high proficiency in English. At Viatris, we offer competitive salaries, benefits, and an inclusive environment where you can use your experiences, perspectives, and skills to help make an impact on the lives of others.Viatris is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations.At Viatris, we offer competitive salaries, benefits and an inclusive environment where you can use your experiences, perspectives and skills to help make an impact on the lives of others.Viatris is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Business Intelligence Consultant	Remobi	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Today, organisations that understand the value of remote working will reap the rewards. Because it doesn’t just provide team members with a healthier work-life balance, it gives you the opportunity to access the brightest minds in the world.Our clients access our community to build or extend their existing teams. All are made up of remote, distributed software engineering experts - the best-in-class. Rapidly deployed without compromising on quality.Join our Remobi community to have access to meaningful, innovative freelance projects and play a key role in shaping how companies operate. Job Title: QlikView/Qlik Sense AdministratorLocation Remote Start Date: ASAPDuration: Until 31/03/23 Utilization: 40 hours/weekPosition Type: Freelance/Contract/B2B Key Responsibilities: Administer and maintain Qlik View and Qlik Sense servers on Windows machines.Troubleshoot server-related issues to ensure uninterrupted operation of Qlik platforms.Update and maintain Windows servers and associated software components, including Python.Perform user and license management tasks to optimize system usage and security. Must-Have Skills: Proficiency in administering Qlik View and Qlik Sense servers.In-depth knowledge of QMC (Qlik Management Console) functionalities and configurations.Experience in implementing and managing security rules and access controls. Should-Have Skills: Certification in QlikView/Qlik Sense administration.Expertise in Windows server administration.
Business Data Analyst	Onyx CenterSource	Espacio Económico Europeo (En remoto)	Reports to Manager of Business DataThe business analyst will support development and execution of enhanced reporting, analysis and analytical models used to enhance decision making for internal & external stakeholders. He or she will create deliverables to support customer facing analysis and consultation. The role will interface with strategic & key customers and will work collaboratively with both Client Management and the Commercial organization.Location: EuropeResponsibilities: Understand company’s data set and quality to set a baseline & identify gaps to be filledGather market insight from customers on business needs/objectives to refine reporting, dashboard, and analytical deliverables for Business Intelligence offeringDeliver internal, client specific, and aggregate customer analysisReview complex sets of information to identify opportunities, reach conclusions, & develop actionable recommendationsParticipate in the on-going development of reporting, dashboards, scorecards and multi-dimensional data analysis solutions to provide ongoing insight to internal & external stakeholdersPerform segmentation and analysis of customer data to identify trends and create benchmarking comparisonsContinuously take a forward-looking view by researching, validating, and proposing new deliverables and analysis.Support the BI leader to identify data requirements and enhancements to further enable analytical deliverablesEncourage the business to ‘think beyond’ and challenge the current practicesDevelop analysis and materials to advance Onyx’s thought leadership in the industryDevelop strong relationships with commercial product owners to understand the business process and data.Perform detailed data research and discovery to understand data sources, processes, and integrations that cause data quality issuesWork with Onyx’ BI and Data engineering team to build data pipeline and reports to support the analytical findings. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree2 to 5 years of analytics experienceProven ability to leverage data, quantitative analysis and advanced analytics to deliver actionable insights, guide decisions and drive business resultsExperience with SQLExperience with SalesforceExperience with AWS Data LakeExperience with PythonAdvanced skills in Microsoft ExcelKnowledge of Tableau / Microstrategy Preferred Qualifications: Experience in travel & hospitality highly valuedSpecific experience in business analytics at a hotel chain and/or a large travel management company/travel consulting company is desired Competencies: Ability to translate quantitative data into actionable recommendationsAbility to translate business objectives into customer analysis, measurements, and recommendationsIdentifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data setsAnalyzing data using statistical techniques and providing reportsAbility to identify and analyze critical issues, draw conclusions, and formulate recommended solutions while being attentive to details and data qualityAbility to communicate complex data concepts in ways that internal & external stakeholders will understandExcellent verbal and written communication skills Characteristics: Analytical thinkerCuriosityStrong communication and storytelling skillsSelf/motivated & accountableAchievement/goal orientatedFlexible/adaptableService-orientedCollaborativeRational/logicalDetail-orientedDesire for continuous improvement
Analista de datos con Power BI Junior	The Wise Seeker	España (En remoto)	TareasDesde The Wise Seeker estamos buscando un Analista de datos para el equipo de desarrollo.Requisitos Al menos 1 año de experiencia como Analista de Datos y/o Consultor de BI, preferentemente en empresa que tenga actividad onlineFormación: ADE, Economía o similar preferentementePerfil analíticoExperiencia en la toma de requisitos y en el diseño funcional en soluciones de analítica descriptiva.Experiencia con herramientas de visualización como Power BI, Qlik Sense, Data Studio, etc.Conocimiento SQL y DAX.Definición de modelos de datos y experiencia en procesos ETL. BeneficiosRemoto 100%Jornada de trabajo flexibleIndefinidoSalario: 21400€ brutos anuales + revisión anual con subida entre 5% y 20%
Senior Data Analyst (Spain Remote)	AirHelp	España (En remoto)	Are you passionate about data analysis and willing to have a real impact on improving data culture in a global organization? Then join us as a Senior Data Analyst! Data is at the heart of everything we do, and we’re looking for a candidate who can take ownership of technical data assets, and support all other departments in making full use of them.You will be remotely working with a seasoned and highly motivated, multi-cultural team of Data Engineers, DataOps, Data Scientists and Data Analysts spread across Europe. You will have the challenge of supporting business needs in a fast-changing environment and helping AirHelp reach the next level of data maturity.You will work with the team on developing relevant data models and generating valuable insights. You will also be in charge of conducting advanced analysis and developing appealing visualizations, dashboards and storytellings for business stakeholders.What you’ll do: Work with business stakeholders to collect, understand and document business requirements.Design and develop robust data models using Snowflake, dbt, etc.Develop advanced analysis to obtain relevant insights and build appealing storytelling using HEX, Jupyter Notebooks, etc.Design, develop, and maintain data-reporting dashboards using commercial BI tools.Mentor and share your technical expertise with Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Data Analysts and other AirHelp technology colleagues. Ideally, you’ll bring with you: Proven experience in a data analyst role working with large datasets, both using Python (Jupyter Notebooks, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, etc) and commercial BI tools.Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative field like Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or any other with a strong quantitative component.Proficient expertise in SQL, including the ability to clean, extract and manipulate data.Experience with commercial BI tools (Periscope, Looker, Tableau or others).Structured, critical, systematic and scientific thinking.Problem solver with excellent analytical skills.Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English. Nice to have: Experience working in agile environments, preferably with Jira.Hands-on experience with data transformation and data modeling using dbt framework.Solid understanding of data warehousing principles, concepts and best practices.Hands-on experience using Snowflake or similar Cloud Data Warehousing solutions (Redshift, BigQuery, etc). Make a real impact on travelAt AirHelp, you will make a difference working with the world's largest organization specializing in air passenger rights. We support travelers around the world and help them get the compensation they deserve when their flight doesn't go according to the plan. We're a global, diverse team that helps make air travel better for all. In 10 years, we’ve helped 1.5 million people receive the compensation they were entitled to when their flight was delayed, canceled or diverted. We’re really proud of our 102k 5-star Trustpilot ratings.Perks and benefits: Internal training programs and knowledge-sharing eventsPersonalized progression planLanguage classesLunch subsidy Flexible benefits: gym membership, personal education, childcare, public transportation, or leisure travel subsidyMacBook AirHybrid workspace (partially remote, partially from one of our offices in Barcelona, Gdańsk or Krakόw)Work from anywhere for 2 weeks a yearTeam daysEvents and parties Next steps: Video call with the RecruiterTechnical video call with Head of DataOnline meeting with the Data Team representatives AirHelp is, and always will be, an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.All of our offices are wheelchair accessible. We welcome applicants who have special needs and are happy to adjust our interview process to accommodate them. We invite refugees and displaced people to join our team, please submit your application in English and we look forward to hearing from you.Powered by JazzHRMZiu2xyLLw
Prácticas de Analista de datos (remoto)	HelloMrLead	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	Con esta oferta, de Prácticas de análisis de datos nuestro objetivo es atraer la atención de futuros trabajadores para este departamento, contando con los mejores profesionales organizados y con gran capacidad de atención, que quieran afrontar grandes retos dentro de un mundo tan complejo como es el mundo de las bases de datos y el análisis de estas.El equipo de BBDD, se ocupa de manejar grandes cantidades de bases de datos diferentes, de la manera más eficiente posible, con el fin de disponer de las mejores herramientas o sistemas para trabajar dichas bases, y comunicarse bien con el resto de la empresa, pudiendo tomar así las mejores decisiones de negocioEs una tarea muy compleja, por lo que se necesita contar con una buena formación previa y un conocimiento al detalle de varias aplicaciones de manejo de datos. Sin embargo, a pesar de la dificultad de este proyecto, es una apuesta segura para empezar a labrar un futuro prometedor en un sector como es este, que ofrece múltiples posibilidades para mejorar vuestro perfil profesional desde un inicio, y poder formar parte una plantilla preparada.TAREAS Análisis del target del cliente: sector, tamaño empresa, país, ciudad, cargo de la persona, etc.Proveer de bbdd de manera constante al equipo de ventas.Búsqueda y generación de bbdd a través de búsqueda abierta en LinkedIn, WhiteList e Infocif.Limpieza, manejo y gestión de las bbdd.Enriquecimiento de BBDD.Promover ideas significativas para mejora de los sistemas de análisis de datos, cuestionarse los medios y herramientas utilizadas en su día a día para plantear nuevas ideas innovadoras y poder sorprender a nuestros clientes con los mejores medios y aplicaciones que faciliten el proceso de ventas ¿QUÉ BUSCAMOS EN TI? Sentir interés por el mundo de las bases de datos y del marketing B2BBuen manejo de ExcelSer capaces de desenvolverse correctamente en todo el proceso de gestión de BBDDBuenas habilidades para identificar mejoras en los procesos internos de la empresaValoramos experiencia en gestión de equipo REQUISITOS Necesidad de firmar convenio de prácticas con un centro de estudios.Estudios superiores relacionados con Ciencia de Datos, Big Data, Marketing, Publicidad y Finanzas. CONDICIONES:En Hellomrlead apostamos por tu aprendizaje y queremos que crezcas profesionalmente con nosotros y si así lo deseas te unas finalmente al equipo. Por eso tenemos el siguiente plan de desarrollo: Primer mes (sin remuneración) de prueba y formación, con cursos acreditados.A partir del 2º mes prácticas remuneradas con 300€ con posibilidad de aumentos, o bonificaciones por cumplir los objetivos mensuales. Contrato progresivo, ampliando responsabilidades, horario y salario tras varios meses y finalmente posibilidad de contrato indefinido.  BENEFICIOS: Certificado curso B2B Sales AcademyFlexibilidad horaria100% teletrabajoAprendizaje uso de CRM y competencias y skills enfocados a ventas. Te estamos esperando :)Requisitos: Necesidad de firmar convenio de prácticas con un centro de estudios.Estudios superiores relacionados con Ciencia de Datos, Big Data, Marketing, Publicidad y Finanzas.
Business Intelligence Analyst Carreras Profesionales · Sant Cugat Del Vallès · Hybrid Remote	EsadeGov	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	         Este anuncio proviene de un tablón de empleos.       Más información    Puesto de trabajo: Business Intelligence AnalystUnidad: Esade CareersAbout Esade Esade is a global academic institution known for the quality of its education, international outlook, and focus on holistic personal development, as well as its strong ties to the business world. Our academic activity encompasses education, research, and social debate. We aim to drive meaningful change through social commitment and innovation.The OpportunityTranslating data into actionable insights to enhance career services and improve student information outcomes.Your Main Responsabilities As a Business Intelligence Analyst for the Esade Careers Team, you will play a crucial role in supporting data-driven decision-making and strategic planning initiatives. Your primary responsibility will be to collect, analyze, and interpret various data sources related to student outcomes, employment trends, industry insights, and employer engagement.Key Responsibilities: Data Collection and Management:Gather and consolidate data from internal and external sources, such as student surveys, student preferences, alumni databases, employment reports, and industry trends.Maintain and update databases regularly to ensure accuracy and completeness of information.Data Analysis and Visualization:Analyze data using statistical methods and data visualization tools to identify trends, patterns, and opportunities.Create visually appealing and informative dashboards, reports, and presentations to communicate key findings to stakeholders.Student Outcome Analysis:Assess the career paths and outcomes of graduates, tracking employment rates, job placements, salary levels, and other relevant metrics.Conduct cohort analyses to understand the success of specific programs in the job market.Performance Tracking and Evaluation:Develop key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness of career development programs and initiatives.Monitor the success of various activities and provide actionable recommendations for continuous improvement.Collaborative Support:Work closely with the careers team to understand their data needs and provide timely support in data-driven decision-making.Collaborate with other departments, such as admissions, engagement, rankings team and program teams, central IT and business intelligence teams to leverage cross-functional data for a holistic perspective.Technology and Process Enhancement:Stay up to date with the latest BI tools, technologies, and best practices in data analysis to streamline processes and improve efficiency.Propose and implement enhancements to data collection, storage, and analysis procedures.Management of technical incidents.Qualifications Bachelor's degree in business Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science Engineering, Informatics or a related field.A master's degree in business analytics is a plus.Excel, Power BI, Salesforce or other CRM ToolsAdvanced level of Englishdegree in business Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, or a related field. A master's degree is a plus.experience in data analysis and reporting.of 4 years of experience in the BI field with the ability to design and implement BI business modelsin data manipulation and visualization tools such as Power BI, or similar platforms.high level of Excel.or similar CRM management and reporting.with statistical analysis and data modeling techniques.analytical mindset with the ability to draw insights from complex datasets.communication skills to present findings to non-technical stakeholders clearly.and capable of managing multiple projects simultaneously.orientation with a proactive attitude towards process improvement.Do Good. Do BetterThis encompasses our purpose. It is our pledge to bring about meaningful change by focusing on innovation and social commitmentAs an educational institution, Esade is committed to a set of values consistent with human quality and academic and professional excellence. Integrity, sensitivity, diversity, the common good, justice and sustainability are of great importance in our way of being and acting.We are known for the quality of our education, our international vision and a clear focus on the holistic development of the individual. Based on these pillars, we work with a unique methodology aimed at developing the talents of our students. This approach is strongly influenced by innovation and the avant-garde. Therefore, we integrate new technological and digital trends with classroom training.Commitment to Diversity and InclusionEsade celebrates diversity and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all individuals. We encourage inclusive leadership, and for us, talent is a key driver of diversity.Le informamos que Fundació ESADE como responsable del tratamiento tratará sus datos con la finalidad de gestionar su candidatura. El interesado puede ejercitar, si lo desea, los derechos de acceso, rectificación, y supresión de los datos, así como solicitar que se limite el tratamiento de sus datos personales, oponerse al mismo, solicitar la portabilidad de sus datos, a no ser objeto de decisiones individuales automatizadas, cuando proceda, así como a retirar su consentimiento en cualquier momento dirigiéndose al Delegado de Protección de Datos en ****** o a la dirección Av. Pedralbes, 60-62, 08034 Barcelona, adjuntando una copia del documento que acredite su identidad (DNI/NIE).Puede consultar información adicional y detallada sobre Protección de Datos aquí: .
Product Data Analyst	Yassir	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	About YassirYassir is the leading super App for on demand, ride-hailing, last-mile delivery, payment services and more, set to change the way daily services are provided. It currently operates in 45 cities across multiple countries. It has raised $150 million in Series B funding, five times what it raised in its previous priced round last November with world class investors such as BOND and Y Combinator, which is the precursor of the likes of Airbnb, Stripe, Dropbox, Doordash, among others.We’re not just about serving people - we’re about creating a marketplace to bring people what they need while infusing social values.About The RoleAs a product data analyst at Yassir, working in the Data and AI team, you will have the opportunity to do life-changing work for Yassir’s millions of customers. You will apply groundbreaking analytics that will shape the super-app strategy of Yassir and support the growth and success of all the services Yassir is currently offering across 45 cities in 7 countries.Responsibilities: You will work on different products, including ML/AI products, front-end products and backend systems, and will apply your data analysis skills, your analytical thinking and product intuition to create a marketplace of on-demand services You will work cross-functionally with partners across Product, Engineering, Research, Marketing, etc. to identify and solve the most important business and product problems for Yassir You are a data ambassador and foster a data-driven product development culture. Product: You will influence product strategy and execution. You will use data to shape product development, quantify new opportunities, identify upcoming challenges, and ensure the products we build bring value to all parties in our marketplace. You will help your partner teams prioritize what to build, set goals, track progress and understand their product’s ecosystem. Analytics: You will work with Engineering on collecting the right data to enable data driven decisions at Yassir. You will guide teams using data and insights. You will focus on developing hypotheses for where product opportunities are and will develop and use a diverse toolkit of rigorous analytical approaches, different methodologies, frameworks, and technical approaches to test them, building a continuous test-and-learn environment. Communication and influence: You will tell data-driven stories. You will influence your partners using insights and recommendations and move your organization to being truly and solely data-driven.  Minimum qualifications Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, a relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. A minimum experience of 5 years in analytics in a business or product environment. Experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), and/or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R) WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN YASSIR Join one of the fastest-growing tech companies in AfricaHave a lasting impact on our company's cultureMake a real impact on the world by helping us bring affordable financial and on-demand services to millions of AfricansWork on some really hard technical challenges from identity infrastructure for Africans, digital payment networks to complex mapping and routing systems across the continentWe are the first Algerian startup to go through Y Combinator program and we’re backed by top investors including Unpopular Ventures, Rebel Fund and DainTree.VC Applicants must be authorized to work in the EU without requiring for visa sponsorship by Yassir.Do you want to become part of our first-class team? You should definitely send us your application. 🚀
Data Analyst for Marketing Department (Full Remote within Spain)	Leadtech Group	España (En remoto)	We are looking for a Digital Marketing Analyst who is passionate about their work, adapts easily, and shares our company values!A Little Bit About UsLeadtech has been fostering and developing innovative digital businesses across several industries since 2009. It has since then expanded to a team of over 500 committed employees working all over Spain. We are thrilled to have more than 23 nationalities working together and very proud to see that our products and services are enjoyed by millions of users monthly around the globe.How will you make a differenceYou’re our perfect candidate if you: Create and maintain comprehensive reports, dashboards, and data visualizations to monitor marketing performance and communicate insights to stakeholdersDevelop automated reporting processes and implement data visualization tools and techniques to present complex data in a clear and understandable mannerWork closely with marketing leadership to define data-driven marketing strategies and objectivesDevelop measurement frameworks, KPIs, and performance targets aligned with marketing goalsTrack and measure marketing ROI to assess the profitability and efficiency of marketing initiativesIdentify opportunities for campaign optimization and provide recommendations to improve targeting, messaging, and customer acquisitionPartner with cross-functional teams, including marketing, sales, product, and finance, to understand business objectives, align analytics initiatives, and drive data-informed decision-making Collaborate with data engineers and IT teams to ensure the availability, quality, and security of marketing data.Requirements Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience required. A master's degree or equivalent is preferredAt least 3+ years with marketing analytics, digital analytics, and marketing platformsExperience with analytical and reporting tools, including MS Excel, QLIK, Google “Suite” including Google Analytics, GA4, Google Ads (including knowledge of GA4 and cookie-less tracking), Google Apps Script, Google Lighthouse, Google Tag Manager, Google Search Console and Google Looker StudioProficient in SQL, Phyton, Knime or similar languagesQlik or Similar: capability to create data visualisations and reports. Knowledge of Qlik Sense is a plus. Proficient in using data visualization tools to create informative dashboards and reportsSolid understanding of basic statistical concepts and methodologiesStrong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant volume of information with attention to detail and accuracyFamiliarity with data warehousing and database modeling best practices are preferredA fundamental understanding of integrated digital marketing programs and technologies across web, social, display, email, and programmatic platformsPossess intellectual curiosity, combined with knack for recognizing correlations, trends and irregularities in dataFlexible to handle multiple analytics projects simultaneously and stay calm under pressureExcellent communication skills both written and verbal, advanced presentation skills; Experience with A/B testing, conversion rate optimization, and marketing experimentationExcellent problem-solving skills and the ability to draw actionable insights from complex dataAPIs: Basic understanding of how to use application programming interfaces (APIs) to connect and transfer data between different marketing tools and platforms Your team We’re team-first. If you believe in the power of collaboration and that the team’s success is your success, then you’re one of us!Fun is fundamental. We believe in forming strong bonds in and outside the office. That’s why we have a team-building budget and organize activities to enjoy ourselvesPositivity wins the day. Bring a positive attitude and communicate openly. Self-awareness and an openness to learn are always a plus BenefitsPerks of being one of us Top-notch private health insurance — includes dental and psychological servicesFull-time, permanent contractFlexible time off, no blackout dates, plus your birthday, Christmas’ Eve and New Year’s Eve offRemote work OR come into the office if you prefer!Flextime (7 – 9:30 a.m. / 3:30 – 7:30 p.m)Free Friday afternoons (a 7-hour workday!) + 35-hour week in July and August (free afternoons here we come!)Enhanced career path designed just for youExternal training budgetOther: ticket restaurant, nursery ticketsBudget for team-building activitiesWe celebrate all company landmarksAnd when you come into the office, you’ll get free coffee and snacks, fresh fruit, and can enjoy our game room and the cool terrace overlooking the Mediterranean Sounds good? Apply now! We’re looking forward to getting to know you.Equal Employment Opportunity Employer:Leadtech is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer, which means we encourage applications from people with different backgrounds, interests, and personal circumstances. Our team welcomes applicants regardless of their race, gender, age, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, and/or disabilities. All we need is your high energy, skills, and willingness to be a part of a great project!LocationYou'll have the flexibility to choose whether you'd like to come to the office every day, from time to time, or work fully remote. We want you to find the best combination for you.If you prefer to be surrounded with amazing people, our exceptional office is in Barcelona’s Blue Building, located right on the city's seafront. Besides our stunning views, you’ll enjoy our office perks such as free fruit, snacks, and coffee and you’ll also be able to take part in our Mario Kart and table tennis competitions.The personal data you provide will be processed in order to manage your candidacy for the corporate selection processes that fit your profile. If you wish, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification or cancellation by writing to our address (Avenida Litoral, 12-14, 5ta planta. Barcelona. 08005) or to the email address protecciondedatos@LeadTech.com, attaching to your request a document that can validate your identity.
Senior Data Analyst, Customer Success	Deel	Europa, Oriente Medio y África (En remoto)	Who We Are And What We DoDeel is a global team that helps businesses hire anyone, anywhere, easily. Deel consists of more than three thousand self-driven individuals spanning over 100 countries. Our unified yet diverse culture keeps us continually learning and innovating the Deel platform and our products for customers.Companies should be able to hire the best talent anywhere in the world, so we are building the best platform to make that a reality. Our market-leading technology, expertise, and global team are crucial to the success of Deel’s platform. We deliver the best products and platform features in our space, enabling millions of jobs worldwide and connecting the global workforce with the best companies and opportunities.Why should you be part of Deel's success story?A 30-mile hiring radius should no longer dictate how companies hire because great talent lives everywhere. Deel sees a world without hiring borders and endless talent that pairs perfect candidates with great companies.We offer global teams all the tools they need to hire, onboard, manage, pay, and scale at full speed. We aim to foster a diverse global economy by building a generational platform that seamlessly connects companies with talent worldwide.After our successful Series D in 2021, we raised another $50M last year, doubling our valuation to $12B.There’s never been a more exciting time to join Deel — the market leader in international payroll and compliance.About The RoleDeel is one of the fastest SaaS companies ever to reach 100M revenue, and is very far along the way to become the fastest company to $1B revenue. Driven by an enormous market, and high speed of innovation, Deel has expanded their product suite and customer base by many orders of magnitude in the last few years. With over 20,000 global customers, customer success is a vital strategic pillar for Deel. As Senior Analyst for Customer Success, you’ll work closely with CS leadership and teams across the globe, helping them make the right decisions to drive higher customer engagement, lower churn and ultimately more profitability.Duties: As part of our data team, you’ll work closely with data engineers, analytics engineers and analysts across the business to develop our tool. You’ll work closely with the most senior CS stakeholders You will drive the direction of our churn & retention data models and reporting infrastructure, building dashboards in Looker You will own data enrichment of our customer success tooling, to ensure CS agents have the right insights at their disposal where they do their work. You’ll own the definition, quality and reliability for key business metrics, like NRR and Churn You’ll own and drive the development of customer success performance and productivity metricsWorking closely with analytics engineering, you’ll develop customer centric dbt models like segmentation and time-perspectives You’ll collaborate closely with our data science team to refine models on churn-risk and customer sentimentYou’ll build reporting in Looker, from highly curated and formatted dashboards that will see 1000+ viewers per months, to highly customizable self-service frameworks for specific subteams  Requirements: You hold a Bachelor’s degree in Math, Economics, CS, or another STEM fieldYou have at least 5 years experience in an analytical role You’ve worked for a B2B SaaS company in the past You’re an excellent communicator, you know how to tell simple, but compelling stories with dataYou work well with people across the spectrum Expert in SQL and Looker (or similar visualization tooling)Some experience in data modeling and metrics design We'd especially love to speak with you if: You have a worked with dbt and LookMLYou have experience using customer data platforms like Gainsight, or VitallyExperience with version control tools (GitHub, GitLab)You’ve worked for fast-growing B2B SaaS companies You have experience on customer analytics Total RewardsOur workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.At Deel, you’ll enjoy: Computer equipment applicable to your roleStock grant opportunitiesAdditional perks and benefits based upon your employment status and countryThe ability to choose where you work whether it be your home, the beach, or a WeWork At Deel, we're an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics."Please note that we will only communicate with our job applicants by using @deel.com domains. We will never contact applicants from any other email address. We will never ask for money from potential employees. Be cautious of any unauthorized solicitations. You may view the most current and accurate job postings at Deel by visiting https://www.deel.com/careers.
Data Analyst (SQL Wizard)	Diamond Foundry	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Diamond Foundry Inc. is solving the thermal limitation at the foundation of today's most exciting tech industries -- AI & cloud compute, electric-car power electronics, and 5G/6G wireless. We have managed to produce the world's first single-crystal diamond wafers and are now on a mission to put a diamond behind every chip. We are the rare unicorn that has grown fast and profitably. We received $515m in funding and are executing a multi-$B expansion plan for one of the greenest forms of tech manufacturing: converting greenhouse gas into diamond wafers using zero-emission energy.We are looking for a detail-oriented, hands-on Data Analyst to strengthen and grow our data collection, analysis, and presentation pipelines, which we use to report key business metrics and analyze our manufacturing process in real time. You will be working with a team of veteran mechanical, electrical, metrology, and software engineers, supporting and leading various analytics projects to enhance and visualize our data-driven manufacturing systems. A strong candidate has a subset of the listed skills/qualifications and an interest in developing others.We are looking for a data engineer to conceptualize, test, and design improvements for manufacturing-related data collection systems. We have built our data collection system from scratch, and use it to report key business metrics and analyze our manufacturing process in real-time. You'll be working with an experienced team of mechanical, electrical, metrology, and software engineers, assisting senior engineers and taking responsibility for your engineering projects. Your goal will be to achieve maximum productivity for our production line by improving data extraction techniques, standardizing data collection methods, and ensuring data security.A successful candidate will collaborate with our US and European teams and must be available during European workday hours.Responsibilities: Create, maintain, and own analytical models and dashboards for internal clients, turning data into an actionable and compelling narrative with visualizations. Coordinate with stakeholders to record, develop, and document business rules and data definitions. Create visibility of data and software issues among internal teams. Prepare ongoing reports for a broad range of stakeholders, including senior business leadership, to communicate trends, patterns, and forecasts to inform business decisions. Assist data and software engineers in database and application troubleshooting. Document and organize the work of the software development team in a manner that can be accessed by appropriate users when needed. Coordinate with the broader Factory Automation Systems team on team-wide initiatives. Lead the development of company best practices around data analytics, dashboarding, and reporting. Leading the design, development, and deployment of new BI reports, frameworks, and tools, including visual insights, detail reports, and dashboards. Building new BI reports to provide insight into production metrics for external customers while mitigating proprietary information exposure. Optimizing all stages of the data lifecycle, from initial planning, to ingest, through final display and beyond. Designing and implementing data extraction, cleansing, transformation, loading, and replication capabilities. Organizing and maintaining documentation so others are able to understand and use it. Implement, troubleshoot and maintain security standards for data storage, transfer, and interpretation. Develop highly available, highly scalable, encrypted, data storage, and disaster recovery for our systems. Designing new capabilities for data analysis and sourcing solutions from software service providers when appropriate. Performing data correction and providing data correction tools to enable a self sustaining dataset.  Requirements:  Strong communication and data presentation skills. Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, or related field. 3+ years experience in an analysis-focused role. Expertise with Looker or other common analytics and reporting tools (Power BI, Google Data Studio, Google Sheets / Excel, Tableau). Technical proficiency in SQL. Knowledge of program development and project management concepts. Demonstrated ability to work independently under limited supervision and as a team member in a collaborative environment. Comfort with ambiguity and task prioritization in a fast-moving environment. Ability to work cross-functionally, building and maintaining trust with internal stakeholders. Strong communication and data presentation skills, experience analyzing data and communicating the results to senior business leaders. Ability to work cross-functionally, building and maintaining trust with internal stakeholders. Experience in querying and manipulating large data sets using data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab). Experience with GCP (Google BigQuery, CloudSQL, Looker). Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar engineering discipline. 3+ years of software/SQL/CS engineering experience. Experience with maintaining security protocols across an organization.  A qualified candidate will have a subset of these skills: Software: SQL, Looker, Python, HTML, Java. Experience in building reports and real time BI analytics. Operational knowledge of servers both locally and in the cloud.  €52,000 - €73,000 a yearPosition is eligible for company shares. Actual compensation may be higher or lower in the range based on various factors, including, but not limited to a candidate’s job duties, experience, and location. We will also consider higher-level candidates and salary will be adjusted accordingly.Diamond Foundry believes in supporting our employees from the workplace to their personal and home life. We provide eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work. Perks include employee discounts to VRAI and catered lunches for onsite staff. All benefits offered are available starting your first day.Diamond Foundry is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.Diamond Foundry Inc. is committed to operating in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws. Our commitment extends to ensuring that our manufacturing and engineering departments adhere to the highest standards of legal and regulatory compliance. Additionally, these departments may have specific physical requirements to ensure the safety and efficiency of our operations. We prioritize the well-being of our employees and strive to create a work environment that promotes both legal compliance and the optimal functioning of our manufacturing and engineering processes.Manufacturing and Engineering Departments Physical Requirements: Use appropriate PPE and follow all safety policies, practices, and procedures. This position will often: Sit, stand for long periods, walk, grasp, reach with hands and arms, lift below and above shoulders, bend, twist at the waist, climb, balance, stoop, squat, kneel, crawl, talk, hear, see, use fine finger manipulation, and complete repetitive motions. Some tasks may require the use of ladders or stairsSome tasks may require driving or the use of foot controlsLift/carry and push/pull up to 50 pound This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.If E-Verify cannot confirm that you are authorized to work, this employer is required to give you written instructions and an opportunity to contact Department of Homeland Security (DHS) or Social Security Administration (SSA) so you can begin to resolve the issue before the employer can take any action against you, including terminating your employment.Employers can only use E-Verify once you have accepted a job offer and completed the Form I-9.
Data Analyst / Power BI Developer - 100% Remoto	Rhams Talent	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	⚠️ IMPORTANT: Only candidates based in Spain or with a valid right-to-work document in Spain will be considered.About The RoleIf you're a Power BI Developer & Designer who loves creating stunning visuals and translating data into actionable insights, this could be your perfect fit. This remote role allows you to apply your skills and knowledge in Power BI, SQL, and data modelling to improve and maintain our online platform and make it more user-friendly, functional, and aesthetically pleasing.Responsibilities Develop, maintain, and optimize Power BI reports and dashboards.Create and manage data models using SQL for efficient data storage and retrieval.Provide customer support for Power BI-related issues and queries.Collaborate with the sales team to produce customized reports and dashboards that drive business insights.Train team members in creating dashboards and provide documentation on standard and custom dashboards. Requirements A degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, economics, or a related field.Minimum of 3 years' experience in developing and designing Power BI solutions.Proficiency in SQL and basic understanding of SSAS tabular models.Exceptional analytical skills to transform data into informative visuals and reports.Ability to troubleshoot and problem-solve effectively.Excellent communication skills and a sales-oriented mindset.Proficiency in English, both spoken and written. What's In For You Competitive salary range of €30k-35K per year.100% remote work possibility, offering great flexibility.Opportunity to work with an established platform and help it reach new heights.A chance to train and collaborate with a dedicated team.An environment that encourages and values innovation and creativity.
Senior Data Analyst, Marketing	Deel	Europa, Oriente Medio y África (En remoto)	Who We Are And What We DoDeel is a global team that helps businesses hire anyone, anywhere, easily. Deel consists of more than three thousand self-driven individuals spanning over 100 countries. Our unified yet diverse culture keeps us continually learning and innovating the Deel platform and our products for customers.Companies should be able to hire the best talent anywhere in the world, so we are building the best platform to make that a reality. Our market-leading technology, expertise, and global team are crucial to the success of Deel’s platform. We deliver the best products and platform features in our space, enabling millions of jobs worldwide and connecting the global workforce with the best companies and opportunities.Why should you be part of Deel's success story?A 30-mile hiring radius should no longer dictate how companies hire because great talent lives everywhere. Deel sees a world without hiring borders and endless talent that pairs perfect candidates with great companies.We offer global teams all the tools they need to hire, onboard, manage, pay, and scale at full speed. We aim to foster a diverse global economy by building a generational platform that seamlessly connects companies with talent worldwide.After our successful Series D in 2021, we raised another $50M last year, doubling our valuation to $12B.There’s never been a more exciting time to join Deel — the market leader in international payroll and compliance.Duties Work with Marketing Analysts, Analytics engineers, and Digital Analytics ManagersPartner with marketing team on cross-functional projects to find opportunities to increase efficiency and scale our business effectivelyDesign and build dashboards and self-service tooling in Looker to enable a large, multi-faceted growth organisation to do their best work. You’ll collaborate closely with our analytics engineering team, building a clean, highly scalable marketing data modelling infrastructure in Snowflake (using dbt)Work closely with Marketing Leadership on complex questions to drive the most optimal growth strategies Suggest and perform analysis of landing pages, A/B test, audiences, segments, ads, and creativesDrive target audience segmentation, attribution modelling, lead generation analytics, paid and unpaid channels optimizationsOwn and optimise data connections within our marketing stack to get the right data in front of our stakeholders where they workDesign & implement the best attribution model strategy Requirements Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics or equivalent degreeYou have a deep understanding of marketing analytics (Content, Email, Social Media, SEO, SEM, …) Highly proficient in SQL Experience with Looker (or similar self-service data tooling) 3+ years experience in marketing/growth analytics area with a proven track record of success (conversion, ROI improvements)Excellent multitasking and problem-solving abilitiesYou are an excellent communicator, you love telling stories with data and you work easily with people across the spectrum We especially would like to speak with you if you have: Experience with Snowflake, Salesforce, Hubspot, dbtYou have experience with Python and other data science tools Experience with ETL tools, like Fivetran, funnel.io You’ve worked for a fast-growing B2B SaaS company  Total RewardsOur workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.At Deel, you’ll enjoy: Computer equipment applicable to your roleStock grant opportunitiesAdditional perks and benefits based upon your employment status and countryThe ability to choose where you work whether it be your home, the beach, or a WeWork At Deel, we're an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics."Please note that we will only communicate with our job applicants by using @deel.com domains. We will never contact applicants from any other email address. We will never ask for money from potential employees. Be cautious of any unauthorized solicitations. You may view the most current and accurate job postings at Deel by visiting https://www.deel.com/careers.
Data Analyst	Agap2 España	España (En remoto)	¿Te apasiona el mundo Data?¿Tienes experiencia como Data Analyst?Si te apetece seguir evolucionando en tu carrera profesional, esta oportunidad es para ti.Sobre el puesto:· Entre 2-5 años de experiencia demostrable como data analyst.· Buena metodología de análisis de requisitos para la creación de distintas iniciativas BI· Realización del análisis funcional y el diseño técnico de las soluciones· Extracción, análisis y tratamiento de múltiples orígenes de datos.· Diseño e implementación de dashboards.· Extracción de conclusiones y análisis.Valoramos:· Conocimientos en distintas herramientas de visualización de datos: Power BI, Tableau, Qlik...·Titulación universitaria o ciclo formativo en las áreas de informática, telecomunicaciones, matemáticas, estadística o similares.·Experiencia en SQL y python.Sobre ti:- Capacidad de trabajo en equipo.- Te apasionan las nuevas tecnologías y te interesa estar al día de estas.- Buscas un lugar estable donde poder desarrollar tu carrera profesional.- Te interesan los nuevos retos y seguir aprendiendo día a día.- Disfrutas del trabajo en equipo y compartir el día a día junto al equipo.¿Que obtienes a cambio?:- Dispondrás de flexibilidad horaria y teletrabajo.- Tendrás contratación indefinida desde el primer momento.- Dispondrás de retribución flexible, ticket restaurant y seguro médico.Si te interesa la oportunidad y conocer todos los detalles, no dudes en aplicar al puesto para que podamos contactarte y hablar mejor sobre la posición, darte todos los detalles y resolver cualquier duda que te pueda surgir.
Analista / Consultor BI con Ingles Alto	Kapres Technology	España (En remoto)	Para un importante cliente, Necesitamos Analista / Consultor BI con Ingles Alto, puesto estable de larga duración.El trabajo sería casi 100% remoto, pero al principio sí tendría que asistir presencialmente unos días para conocer al equipo y arrancar el servicio.Responsibilities and tasks:Help develop, support & maintain Finance systems and reporting  Supports country and HQ users with self-service reporting using Affidea BI OLAP cubes, and with the creation of Crystal or other ready-made reports Support country and HQ users with ad hoc reports, queries, and finance system related issues Supports controlling and FP&A teams in preparing reporting packages Supports mergers and acquisitions of companies in the accounting system, uploading and merging data Maintain, develop, support, and improve the Affidea master data and financial databases and systems including the new ERP system (SAP) Supports the daily sales processes, improving and simplifying related reporting Supports the Budgeting and Forecasting System (sERPa) Reconciliates and validates data consistency an integrity between systems Supports and maintains Affidea master data objects Work with the Finance function to identify pain points and inefficiencies, and create innovative software solutions to address these Guarantee that technical solutions are consistent, logical, elegant, as simple as possible, and sustainable in the long term Liaises with IT along with internal and external consultants on the above as necessary Requirements And ProfileQualifications:  University/College degree Advanced MS Office knowledge (Word, Excel, Power Point) Medium-Advanced tech skills in relevant technologies (SQL, SSAS, SSRS, ASP.Net, etc.) and the ability and motivation to learn others ERP (preferably SAP or iScala) knowledge Fluent English is a must Basic working knowledge of accounting and logistics Database management and reporting tools knowledge Crystal Reports knowledge is advantage. T-SQL language Minimum 5 year experience in systems support or database development area Power BI would be an advantage Experience:  4-6 years of relevant work experience Competencies: Customer/ Patient focus – 4 Teamwork - 4 Striving to achieve the results – 4 Analytical thinking – 3 Business orientation - 3
Power BI Consultant	Winid Spain	España (En remoto)	Winid es una empresa que cambia las reglas del juego y sitúa la búsqueda de talento en el centro de su modelo de negocio.Creemos firmemente que las personas con talento son el elemento crucial para el éxito de las organizaciones. Lo entendemos como Talento Aumentado, poniendo la tecnología y la IA al servicio de las personas.Nuestro objetivo es alcanzar la excelencia en la captación, formación y equipamiento de los mejores consultores de adquisición de talento a nivel global.En Winid estamos trabajando para llevar el mejor talento a un Gold Partner de Microsoft, referente en España y que cuenta con oficinas en Barcelona, Madrid, Sevilla, Valencia y Bilbao. Su misión es crear e implementar diferentes soluciones para los principales sectores: industrial, distribución, servicios, construcción, alimentación, fabricación y retail entre otros.Cuentan con varias líneas de negocio, implantación de ERP y CRM, desarrollo de proyectos de Power BI, Sistemas, Cloud y seguridad.Descripción del puesto: Formarás parte de un equipo especializado en proyectos de Business Intelligence con herramientas Microsoft.Tendrás oportunidad de desarrollar tus conocimientos en Power BI y su lenguaje DAX, además de SQL y Power Query.Implantarás Power BI a diferentes clientes de la compañía. Requisitos: Experiencia con Power BI y conocimientos en DAX, SQL y Power Query.Disponibilidad para realizar viajes ocasionales a cliente dentro del territorio nacional.Graduado en informática o semejantes, y formación empresarial o contableNivel de inglés medio-alto.Se valorarán los conocimientos de SQL Server Analysis Services, Multidimensional y Tabular. También los conocimientos en MDX, C# y .Net.Experiencia en diseño de informes con SQL Server Reporting Services.Experiencia en Excel, Power Pivot.Se valorarán conocimientos de otras herramientas de BI.Se valorarán certificaciones actualizadas de Microsoft.Conocimientos en Dynamics 365 Business Central (NAV), F&O (AX), CRM.Conocimientos de SAP, Salesforce u otros ERP y CRM Que ofrecemos: Modelo de trabajo hibrido flexible.Plan de carrera personalizado y revisión salarial periódica.Formaciones y certificaciones oficiales por parte de la compañíaClases de inglés gratuitasSeguro médicoOportunidades de crecimiento vertical y horizontal dentro de la compañía
Business Intelligence / Data Analyst (m/f/d)	TecAlliance	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	Support our business unit Information Management in the (further) development of business intelligence solutions. You will work closely with internal colleagues and report directly to the lead of our business unit.Job Definition  Planning is key: Defining requirements and concepts for complex data analyses Manage projects: Take responsibility for the planning, conception and realization of business intelligence projects Up-to-date: Setting-up of various evaluations, analyses and reports and develop them further according to the changed requirements (standard reporting, unit reporting, ad-hoc reporting) e.g. further development of existing dashboards to increase the degree of automation and efficiency Ground the decision making: Support the preparation, cleansing and modeling of data for decision-making purposes Drive improvement: Continuously improving of the methods and technologies used Job Qualification Successfully completed studies in the field of IT or economics with a specialization in statistics or or completion of comparable trainingAt least 3 years of relevant professional experience in a similar fieldSound programming skills in R / Python as well as with SAS / SQL and confident handling of BI solutions, e.g. MS-Power-BIA structured and solution-oriented way of working is part of your basic repertoireVery good communication skills in Englisch, German or Dutch language skills are a plus
Senior Marketing Data Analyst (Spain Remote)	AirHelp	España (En remoto)	Are you passionate about Marketing and data analysis? Are you willing to make an impact supporting our Marketing team to take informed, data-driven decisions? Then join us as a Senior Marketing Data Analyst! Data is at the heart of everything we do, and we’re looking for a candidate to level-up our marketing team with bold data analysis and game-changing insights.You will be working with a seasoned and highly motivated, multi-cultural team of Data Engineers, DataOps, Data Scientists and Data Analysts spread across Europe. You will have the challenge of supporting business needs in a fast-changing environment and helping AirHelp reach the next level of data maturity.You will tightly work with the Marketing Team on developing relevant data models and generating valuable insights to boost our product portfolio. You will also be in charge of conducting advanced analysis through storytelling, developing appealing visualizations, and creating dashboards for relevant business stakeholders in the area.What you’ll do: Collaborate with marketing teams to identify opportunities for optimisation and growth, and develop data-driven strategies to improve performance.Collect, analyse, and interpret data related to marketing campaigns, website traffic, customer behaviour, customer journey, conversion funnel performance and other relevant marketing analysis.Support Marketing budget allocation through a deep understanding of marketing mix models, multi touchpoint attribution, etc.Partner with Data Engineers to redesign, implement, and monitor data models and data pipelines.Develop and maintain Marketing dashboards and visualisations to communicate key insights and recommend course of action to the marketing team. Ideally you’ll bring with you: Proven experience in a similar role in a fast-paced environment.Degree in quantitative sciences (Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, Physics or similar fields) or an equivalent. Proven experience in analysing and reporting marketing campaigns across various channels (paid search, social media, SEO, email, and affiliate marketing).Understanding of digital marketing technologies, such as Google Analytics, Google Marketing Platforms, Ad Managers (Bing, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Tik-tok) and CRM platforms.Strong knowledge in SQL like languages.Working experience on dbt modelling framework.Good experience in developing appealing visualisation in commercial BI tools (Looker, Tableau or similar).Proactivity and willingness to cover end-to-end the data lifecycle, from raw data to insights.Strong analytical skills with experience in data-driven decision making.Excellent spoken and written English. Nice to have: Knowledge of Python for data analysis (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, etc).Knowledge of data modeling and best practices related to analytical databases. Make a real impact on travelAt AirHelp, you will make a difference working with the world's largest organization specializing in air passenger rights. We support travelers around the world and help them get the compensation they deserve when their flight doesn't go according to the plan. We're a global, diverse team that helps make air travel better for all. In 10 years, we’ve helped 1.5 million people receive the compensation they were entitled to when their flight was delayed, canceled or diverted. We’re really proud of our 102k 5-star Trustpilot ratings.Perks and benefits: Internal training programs and knowledge-sharing eventsAccess to mindfulness and wellbeing platform (Mindgram).Personalized progression planLanguage classesLunch subsidy Flexible benefits: gym membership, personal education, childcare, public transportation, or leisure travel subsidyMacBook AirHybrid workspace (partially remote, partially from one of our offices in Barcelona, Gdańsk or Krakόw)Work from anywhere for 2 weeks a yearTeam daysEvents and parties Next steps: Video call with the RecruiterTechnical video call with Head of DataOnline meeting with the Data Team representativesVideo call with a VP of Marketing  AirHelp is, and always will be, an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.All of our offices are wheelchair accessible. We welcome applicants who have special needs and are happy to adjust our interview process to accommodate them. We invite refugees and displaced people to join our team, please submit your application in English and we look forward to hearing from you.Powered by JazzHRtLJza9TCPU
Senior RWE Biostatistician	Metric Search	Europa, Oriente Medio y África (En remoto)	Metric Search is actively representing a well-established and growing Contract Research Organisation with the hiring of a Senior RWE Biostatistician to join their Biostatistics Function.Our client is a CRO that provide full-service support to biotech, pharmaceutical and medical device companies.As a member of the Biostatistics department within this CRO you will have the opportunity to work closesly with either one or multiple world class clients, provide statistical input for studies and lead a number of projects.We are looking for the ideal candidate to have at least 3+ years of industry experience to be considered for these opportunities.This is a perfect position for anyone who is looking to take that next step up from their current role and increase responsibilities, with a sustained growth path opening doors to even more senior roles and responsibilities in the not-too-distant future as they continue to grow.Your responsibilities: Provide Statistical Input for study design, clinical trial data analysis and observational studiesPerform Statistical AnalysisCreate Statistical Analysis Plans (SAPs)SAS ProgrammingOffer Lead trial support across at least one project Preferences & Requirements: Masters/PhD in Biostatistics/Statistics or related subject3+ years experience working as a StatisticianExperience working on Clinical trials or Observational studiesSAS Programming Experience Benefits to You: Excellent Compensation PackageWork/Life BalanceQuick ProgressionPay Rises based on performanceOpportunity to work with a world-class team and benefit from industry's best training and developmentChance to support global leading Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, and Medical Device Businesses Interested in hearing more?Please reach out at:E: mason.day@metric-search.comC: +1 646-814-0319
Senior Biostatistician - EU	Syneos Health	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (En remoto)	DescriptionJOB SUMMARYThis position is responsible for leading projects across multiple studies or programs. A Senior Biostatistician acts as the primary contact with the sponsor for all biostatistics related activities on assigned projects.Job Responsibilities Provides support across all assigned statistical tasks during the lifecycle of the project, from protocol to CSR.Prepares Statistical Analysis Plans (SAPs), including development of well-presented mock-up displays for tables, listings, and figures. Collaborate with the sponsor, if required.May be responsible for the statistical aspects of the protocol, generation of randomization schedule, publications and input to the clinical study report.Coordinates the activities of other biostatistics and statistical programming personnel on assigned projects to ensure timely completion of high quality work. Provides independent review of project work produced by other biostatisticians in the department.Creates or reviews programming specifications for analysis datasets, tables, listings, and figures.Reviews SAS annotated case report forms (CRFs), database design, and other study documentation to ensure protocol criteria are met and all data is captured as required to support a high quality database and the planned analysis.Conducts and participates in verification and quality control of project deliverables, ensuring that output meets expectations and is consistent with analysis described in SAP and specifications.Implements company objectives, and create alternative solutions to address business and operational challenges.Serves as biostatistics representative on project teams, interfacing as necessary with other departmental project team representatives. This would include preparing in advance for internal meetings, contributing ideas, and demonstrating respect for opinions of others. Manages scheduling and time constraints across multiple projects, sets goals based on priorities from management, adapts to timeline or priority changes by reorganizing daily workload, and proactively communicates to biostatistics management any difficulties with meeting these timelines.Monitors progress on study activities against agreed upon milestones and ensures the study timelines for project deliverables are met. Identifies out of scope tasks and escalate to management.Provides statistical programming support as needed.May participate in Data Safety Monitoring Board and/or Data Monitoring Committee activities, including charter development and serving as an independent non-voting biostatistician.May lead projects involving integrated analyses, attend regulatory agency meetings or respond to questions, as needed, to support the statistical analysis results of clinical trials on behalf of the sponsor.Follows applicable SOPs, WIs, and relevant regulatory guidelines (e.g. ICH).Maintains well organized, complete, and up-to-date project documentation, and verification/quality control documents and programs; ensuring inspection readiness.Displays willingness to work with others and assists with projects and initiatives as necessary to meet the needs of the business.Supports business development activities by contributing to proposals, budgets, and attending sponsor bid defense meetings.Coaches and mentors other Biostatistics staff.Performs other work-related duties as assigned. Minimal travel may be required. QualificationsQUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS Graduate degree in biostatistics or related discipline. Moderate experience in clinical trials or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Proficiency in programming. Ability to apply knowledge of statistical design, analysis, relevant regulatory guidelines, and programming techniques utilized in clinical research and to effectively communicate statistical concepts. Experience across all statistical tasks required to support clinical trials during the lifecycle of the project, from protocol to CSR.Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to read, write, speak, and understand English. “Syneos Health is an equal opportunity and inclusive employer and is committed to providing a workplace free of discrimination and harassment. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Syneos Health is willing to provide reasonable accommodations required for a medical condition or disability.”
Senior Data Analyst	MyNextCompany	Unión Europea (En remoto)	Data Analyst experienced in Chemistry & Lab softwares11,5 months Freelance contract starting mid JanuaryFully remoteFor a market leader client I am currently looking for a Senior Data Analyst with Business Analyst experience in delivering Chemistry & Lab softwares (Electronic Lab Notebook, LIMS, etc).Your Responsibilities Work closely with the Product owner and business stakeholders to understand their needs, objectives, and challenges.Elicit, document, and analyse business requirements, use cases, and workflows.Translate business requirements into clear and concise functional specifications - acceptance criteria - to designers, quality analysts and developers in an Agile setting.Participate in system testing, user acceptance testing, and validation of implemented solutions.Ensure that delivered solutions meet the specified requirements and are of high quality.Participate in daily standup scrums, sprint planning meetings, sprint reviews and retrospectives.Actively follow the progress of the sprint to confirm implementation meets the intent of acceptance criteria. Essential Attributes  Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Information Technology, or a related field (Master's degree is a plus).Experience delivering Chemistry & Lab softwares (Eg. Electronic Lab Notebook, LIMS etc) 3+ years as a Business Analyst or in a related role.3+ years of software development experience in an Agile setting.Strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical-thinking skills.Proficiency in requirement gathering techniques, process modelling, and documentation.Excellent verbal / written communication and interpersonal skills.Expert in Excel or Gsheets & macros.Proficiency in using project management and collaboration tools (e.g., JIRA, Trello) is preferred.Strong organisational & time management skills, with a self-starting, entrepreneurial mindset.Proven ability to translate non-technical information into a technical level of detail that developers can work with.Fluent in English (proficient in French is preferred). Interested to join a leading company on a fully remote mission?Please send your CV (Word preferred) + Expected Daily rate ASAP.Thank you, no inmail please!
INVESTIGADOR/A ÁMBITO TECNOLOGÍAS BIOLÓGICAS AMBIENTALES	Eurecat - Centro Tecnológico de Catalunya	Manresa, Cataluña, España (Híbrido)	La UT Agua, Aire y Suelo (WAS) de Eurecat desarrolla y optimiza tecnologías y procesos para mejorar la gestión del agua, el suelo y el aire, así como los recursos asociados. Realizamos proyectos de investigación, desarrollo e innovación con empresas, universidades, centros de investigación y administraciones de todos los sectores. Su principal objetivo es potenciar la sostenibilidad económica, ambiental y social de la sociedad.Utilizamos herramientas avanzadas de modelización y experimentación a diferentes escalas (laboratorio, planta piloto y escalera real) para desarrollar y validar nuevas tecnologías y aplicaciones de éstas. Trabajamos con un amplio abanico de tecnologías de tratamiento de contaminantes para limitar su liberación al medio natural, así como para la recuperación de recursos y apoyar la transición hacia una economía circular.Diseñamos proyectos y procedimientos experimentales a medida de las empresas, limitando el riesgo intrínseco de I+D+i mediante la implementación progresiva desde la conceptualización hasta la implementación, pasando por todas las etapas del desarrollo.La experiencia de la unidad de Agua, Aire y Suelos, combinada con las capacidades de las diferentes unidades tecnológicas de Eurecat, permite aportar soluciones para problemáticas complejas y específicas en un amplio abanico de sectores: el tratamiento de agua, químico, agroalimentario , farmacéutico o industrias de base y bienes de equipo, entre otros.Actualmente la UT WAS está en proceso de crecimiento sostenible y requiere un perfil de investigador para liderar el ámbito de las tecnologías biológicas en la UT. Se ofrece una posición con visión completa de los proyectos en los que intervienen tecnologías biológicas y que ayude a gestionar los recursos y definir la estrategia de la UT en este ámbito junto con el equipo de coordinación de la UT.Requisitos:Eurecat precisa para la UT WAS de un perfil de investigador/a para liderar el ámbito de las tecnologías biológicas en la UT.Se ofrece una posición con visión completa de los proyectos en los que intervienen tecnologías biológicas y que ayude a gestionar los recursos y definir la estrategia de la UT en este ámbito junto con el equipo de coordinación de la UT. Funciones y responsabilidades: Liderazgo del ámbito de tecnologías biológicas en la UT (Definición estrategia, soluciones tecnológicas, inversiones, etc.) Coordinación científica y ejecución de proyectos de I+D+i Vigilancia científica y tecnológica de bioprocesos por aplicación en el campo ambiental Identificación de oportunidades de proyectos con empresas y convocatorias públicas. Planificación, supervisión, ejecución y evaluación de tareas y resultados experimentales. Apoyo en la redacción de ofertas y memorias de nuevos proyectosFormación: Grado en Biotecnología, Biología, Ingeniería Química, Ingeniería Ambiental o similar y master en el ámbito de la tecnología ambiental. Se valorará Doctorado en el ámbito de procesos biológicos para el tratamiento y recuperación de recursos del agua, suelo y/o aire.Experiencia: Se requiere experiencia demostrable en proyectos de I+D+i en alguno de los siguientes ámbitos:  Tratamientos convencionales (lodos activos, balsas de aeración, etc.) Digestión anaeróbica (UASB, EGSB, producción de H2, etc.) Biorreactores (biomasa soportada, biofilms, biorreactores de membrana, biofiltración) Obtención biológica de productos de valor añadido. Eliminación biológica de nutrientes (anammox, EBPR, etc.) Tecnologías bioelectroquímicas: Microbial fuel cells, microbial desalination cells, etc. Procesos no bacterianos: microalgas, hongos, etc. Tratamientos enzimáticos Etc. Se valorará muy positivamente la coordinación de tareas o proyectos en alguno de estos ámbitos anteriores. Habilidades: Habilidades personales: Autonomía. Responsabilidad, Liderazgo, Autocrítica, Organización.Capacidad de trabajo autónomo y en equipo orientado a objetivos y resultados. Capacidad de trabajar en un entorno dinámico, involucrado en varios proyectos con fechas límite estrictas.Planificación y organización.Pensamiento crítico y resolución de problemas. Comunicación fluida escrita y hablada en inglés. Idiomas: Inglés Nivel Alto Castellano: Nivel AltoCatalán: Recomendable
Data Analyst	Carl Friedrik	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (Híbrido)	SummaryCarl Friedrik is a travel and leather goods brand challenging traditional luxury. We empower modern professionals in their day-to-day lives with our unique blend of timeless design, understated confidence and quality.Role descriptionWe are looking for a talented Data Analyst to play a key role in enhancing our business insights and decision-making processes. In this position, you will be responsible for analysing and interpreting data to provide valuable insights that drive strategic decisions. The focus will be on leveraging data to optimize various aspects of our businessWho you areYou are a dedicated, detail-oriented individual with a passion for working in a fast-paced and creative environment. If you are motivated to contribute to a team committed to excellence, innovation, and professional growth, we invite you to explore this exciting opportunity.Your responsibilities Providing cross-functional analytical and decision support services, including advanced reporting, enterprise data analysis, and data managementCollaborate with cross-functional teams, specifically Marketing and Operations, to understand business needs and develop data-driven solutionsUtilise statistical techniques to identify trends, patterns, and correlations in large datasetsDesign and maintain dashboards and reports to communicate key performance indicators Requirements 4+ years of experience as a Data Analyst or in a similar roleStrong analytical thinking, curiosity and proactive approach to problem-solvingExpert SQL knowledge (we use BigQuery)Good problem-solving skillsExperience with data visualisation tools (we use Tableau)Experience with statistical techniques for predictive analyticsYou are able to facilitate and navigate cross-team collaborationAbility to communicate complex results to less quantitatively sophisticated usersEasiness to conceptualise (including setting the right requirements in terms of Data & modelling capabilities) and extract insights from DataAbility to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment. More about Carl FriedrikWe are challenging the outdated practices that characterise the luxury industry. By selling direct-to-consumer, embracing sustainable materials and rejecting seasonal fashion, we are better positioned to serve our customer: the modern professional.Intelligent design is a crucial part of our ethos. Everyday accessories should be functional and a joy to use — form always follows function in our creative process.Accessories must also meet the demands of modern living. So we only collaborate with the finest materials and craftsmen. The result: products that last a lifetime.Carl Friedrik in the media New York Times: “Best refined briefcase for daily use: Carl Friedrik”Forbes: “The new king in the leather goods space”Featured in HBO’s Emmy award-winning drama, Succession. Benefits Competitive salary;Share options;Offices in premium co-working spaces in London and Barcelona;Flexible location, even remote;Annual company trip + frequent team social events;Join a fast-growing, agile and international team, passionate about innovation and making a difference. Start date: As soon as possible.
Data Analyst Intern	ZINIO	Barcelona, Cataluña, España (Híbrido)	ZINIO is looking for a Data Analyst intern at their Barcelona Office.  Our Data & Analytics Team has a big challenge and we need your help on: Building new reporting solutions: creating reports in Looker, modeling lookers LookML SQL layer, administering Looker’s environment and authorization model.Modeling the DaaS (data as a service) portal, adding the content for the different tiers, managing access and improving the look and feel.Implementing new ETL flows in pyspark (databricks).Investigating backend issues using databricks notebooks to run SQL queries.Managing AWS DMS service.Automating the existing file upload process of finance data.Automating the creation of new marketing feeds.Sharing your ideas and defend them within the team and help us deliver better data products. Things we expect you to be ready to use from day one: SQL and Python.Data architecture and design concepts.Great working spirit and willingness to embrace new challenges.Excellent troubleshooting skills.English working proficiency.  Things you will acquire over time working with us: Exposure to Spark.Experience in the AWS ecosystem.Knowledge general big data concepts.Awareness of CDC and streaming concepts and its implementation paradigms.General knowledge of the Data and Analytics tools and ecosystem. We offer great benefits including: Open space office in Barcelona with awesome views.Financial support for students.Free fruit and beverages.Free digital magazines.Fresh fruit, tea & good (unlimited) coffee. If you are interested, please apply sending a cover letter and CV in English with all data relevant to the position.By applying for this position, you accept the Candidate Privacy Policy
